The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and events that led to and immediately followed the signing of the Merger Agreement. This chronology does not purport to catalogue every conversation of or among the members of the Company Board, the members of the Special Committee, the representatives of the Company or the Special Committee, or other parties.
 

As part of the ongoing consideration and evaluation by the Company of its long-term strategic goals and plans, the Company Board and management team periodically review, consider and assess the Company’s operations and financial performance, as well as overall industry, competitive and macroeconomic conditions, since they may affect those strategic goals and plans, with the goal of enhancing stockholder value. This review at times includes, among other things, the consideration of potential opportunities for business combinations, acquisitions and other financial and strategic alternatives. As part of that continuing review, the Company Board has evaluated the extent that government reimbursement risk, which is an issue for each of the Company’s three business segments and particularly the Company’s critical illness recovery hospital segment, was creating downward pressure on the entire Company’s stock market valuation. On July 30, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“
JPMorgan
”), later one of the financial advisors to the Buyer Consortium (as defined below), made a presentation to the Company Board where, among other strategic alternatives, a potential sale of the critical illness recovery hospital segment was analyzed and discussed. 

Following that meeting, the Company’s Executive Chairman, Co-Founder and Director, Mr. Ortenzio, the Company’s then Chief Executive Officer and Director, David S. Chernow, and the Company’s Senior Executive Vice President of Strategic Finance and Operations, Mr. Jackson, discussed a potential proposal whereby they would offer to purchase the Company’s critical illness recovery hospital segment from the Company, with the Company continuing to manage those facilities through a management agreement between the Company and the buying group. 

On August 5 and August 6, 2025, in connection with those discussions, representatives of Dechert LLP, longstanding legal counsel to the Company (“
Dechert
”), interviewed each of the members of the Company Board, other than Messrs. Ortenzio and Chernow to analyze their relationships with, and independence from, the proposed members of the buying group (being Messrs. Ortenzio, Chernow and Jackson). 

Discussions continued between the Company and Messrs. Ortenzio, Chernow and Jackson during August and early September 2025 regarding the potential proposal, including regarding the scope and structure of any such transaction, but discussions were abandoned on September 9, 2025, without Messrs. Ortenzio, Chernow and Jackson having made a formal offer to purchase the critical illness recovery hospital segment from the Company. 

On October 29, 2025, in an executive session at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Company Board, Mr. Ortenzio informed the Company Board that, while no decision had been made, Mr. Ortenzio was considering a proposal for an acquisition of 100% of the Company Shares, which, if made, would be required to be publicly disclosed. 

On November 24, 2025, the Company received a non-binding letter from Mr. Ortenzio, indicating his interest in acquiring the Company for $16.00 to $16.20 per Company Share in cash (the “
November Proposal
”), representing a 15% premium at the midpoint of the range to the unaffected closing price on November 24, 2025 and a 22% premium to the 90-day volume-weighted average price as of November 24, 2025. The same day, Mr. Ortenzio, the Estate of Rocco A. Ortenzio and Mr. Jackson, as a group, publicly disclosed the November Proposal in a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC. The November Proposal stated that members of a consortium (the “
Buyer Consortium
”), led by Mr. Ortenzio, Mr. Jackson and funds affiliated with Welsh, Carson, Anderson and Stowe (“
Welsh Carson
”), would participate in the transaction, and that Mr. Ortenzio, Mr. Jackson and certain of their affiliates would roll over their Company Shares into equity of the surviving corporation, and that Mr. Ortenzio may invite other members of management or the Company Board to roll over their Company Shares as well. The November Proposal also provided that Mr. Ortenzio would not pursue the November Proposal without approval of a special committee of the Company Board comprised entirely of disinterested directors and advised by independent legal and financial advisors, and that Mr. Ortenzio expected 

 

26

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

the definitive merger agreement would include a non-waivable condition requiring the approval of a majority of the votes cast by the Company Shares that are not held by members of the Buyer Consortium and their affiliates. 

Also on November 24, 2025, the Company Board held a special meeting with representatives of the Company’s management (which did not include Mr. Jackson) and Dechert in attendance. The following directors participated in the meeting: Katherine R. Davisson, James S. Ely III, William H. Frist, Parvinderjit S. Khanuja, Marilyn B. Tavenner and Daniel J. Thomas. David S. Chernow was not available and did not participate in the meeting. Russell L. Carson, Mr. Ortenzio and Thomas A. Scully, who are directors interested in the Buyer Consortium, recused themselves and did not participate in the meeting. At the meeting, the Company’s internal legal counsel informed the Company Board that the Company had received the November Proposal from Mr. Ortenzio, and that Mr. Jackson and funds affiliated with Welsh Carson would be part of the Buyer Consortium making the November Proposal. The Company’s internal legal counsel also noted that Mr. Ortenzio had publicly announced the November Proposal that day in his Schedule 13D filing with the SEC. After discussing with representatives of Dechert, the Company Board determined it would be in the best interests of the Company and the holders of Company Shares to establish a special committee of the Company Board to evaluate the November Proposal, that such a committee should be comprised entirely of independent and disinterested directors who do not have affiliations or other material relationships with the Buyer Consortium or their respective affiliates and associates, and that the special committee’s primary role would be to consider, review, evaluate, negotiate, recommend or approve any potential strategic transactions, including the November Proposal or any other alternative transaction, and provide additional information on the customary size, key responsibilities and functions of such a committee. After discussing with representatives of Dechert, the Company Board also determined that one of the special committee’s first tasks should be to retain independent legal counsel and that the special committee would be empowered to retain such other consultants and agents, including financial advisors or valuation experts, as it may deem necessary or appropriate. Representatives of Dechert then asked each of the directors participating in the meeting to disclose any relationships with Welsh Carson and to identify any changes from the prior interviews on August 5 and 6, 2025 that Dechert had conducted regarding their relationships with, and independence from, Mr. Ortenzio and Mr. Jackson. Mr. Ely reported that he currently had no material relationships with Welsh Carson, but had served as a banker to the firm approximately 15 years earlier. Dr. Khanuja and Ms. Davisson each confirmed that their respective relationships with Welsh Carson were limited to contacts arising from their Company Board service. Ms. Tavenner reported that she currently served on the board of directors of a Welsh Carson portfolio company. Mr. Thomas stated that his relationship with Welsh Carson was limited to his association with the firm when it was an investor in the Company’s former subsidiary, Concentra. Following those disclosures, representatives of Dechert noted that they would coordinate with the Company’s internal legal counsel to schedule follow-up interviews with certain directors to further evaluate whether any such directors had material relationships with Welsh Carson or any other member of the Buyer Consortium. The Company’s internal legal counsel then reviewed a draft press release disclosing the November Proposal, and after discussion and deliberation, the Company Board members in attendance unanimously approved the issuance of the press release. The Company’s internal legal counsel also advised the Company Board that Welsh Carson-affiliated funds would be participating in the November Proposal by providing equity financing, and that the Company should enter into a non-disclosure agreement with Welsh Carson before providing due diligence information related to the Company. After discussion and deliberation, the Company Board members in attendance unanimously authorized the Company to negotiate and enter into a non-disclosure agreement with Welsh Carson to provide customary financial and other information related to the Company. The Company Board agreed to meet the following afternoon, November 25, 2025, to finalize and approve the members of a special committee and to discuss next steps. 

On November 25, 2025, representatives of Dechert held separate interviews with Messrs. Thomas and Ely regarding any relationships they had with Welsh Carson and their independence from the members of the Buyer Consortium and their affiliates. 

Also on November 25, 2025, the Company Board held a special meeting with representatives of the Company’s management (which did not include Mr. Jackson) and Dechert in attendance. Messrs. Scully and Ortenzio were not in attendance. Mr. Carson, the Company’s Lead Independent Director, made introductory remarks acknowledging the November Proposal and his historical relationship with Welsh Carson, stated that he was not disinterested with respect to the Buyer Consortium and its November Proposal and agreed to 

 

27

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

recuse himself from participation in the Company Board’s meetings, discussions and deliberations regarding the November Proposal. After delivering those remarks, Mr. Carson departed the meeting. Representatives of Dechert, again, then discussed with the Company Board the establishment of a special committee, including its composition, primary role and key responsibilities and functions under Delaware law. Representatives of Dechert explained that the special committee should be comprised entirely of independent and disinterested directors who do not have affiliations or other material relationships with the Buyer Consortium or their respective affiliates and associates, and that the special committee’s primary role would be to consider, review, evaluate, negotiate, recommend or approve any potential strategic transactions, including the November Proposal or any other alternative transaction. Representatives of Dechert provided additional information on the customary size, compensation and key responsibilities and functions of the special committee. The Company Board members in attendance then discussed the results of interviews conducted by Dechert with the directors willing to serve on the special committee. After discussion, the Company Board identified Ms. Davisson, Mr. Ely and Mr. Thomas as independent directors who were disinterested in the potential transaction and best qualified to serve on the special committee. Thereafter, the Company Board (i) designated Ms. Davisson, Mr. Ely and Mr. Thomas to serve as the members of a Special Committee, with Mr. Thomas to serve as Chair of the Special Committee, (ii) authorized the Special Committee to consider, review and evaluate any strategic transactions or alternatives thereto, including the November Proposal, (iii) delegated to the Special Committee all the powers of the Company Board to evaluate, negotiate or determine not to proceed with any potential transaction and (iv) authorized and empowered the Special Committee to do all acts as may be necessary or appropriate in its judgment to carry out the duties of the Special Committee, including the power under Section 203 of the DGCL to authorize and approve any potential transaction or any alternative thereto for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL. 

On November 26, 2025, the Company Board received three letters from holders of Company Shares, the first of which urged the Company Board to reject the November Proposal, the second urged the Company Board to form a special committee, conduct a strategic review, perform an independent valuation and negotiate a transaction for at least $23.00 per Company Share and the third (“
Stockholder A
”) requested a meeting with the Special Committee regarding the November Proposal. 

Also on November 26, 2025, the Special Committee met and discussed next steps for its evaluation of the November Proposal and other potential strategic alternatives. 

On November 28, 2025, the Special Committee met and discussed its selection of independent legal counsel. 

On December 2, 2025, Dechert, at the direction of the Special Committee, sent Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP (“
Cravath
”), legal counsel to the Buyer Consortium, a draft non-disclosure agreement for Welsh Carson, which Cravath then shared with members of the Buyer Consortium and Ropes & Gray LLP (“
Ropes & Gray
”), legal counsel to Welsh Carson. 

On December 2 and 3, 2025, the Special Committee interviewed four legal advisors to serve as the Special Committee’s independent legal counsel, including Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (“
Skadden
”). During the Special Committee’s interview of Skadden, representatives of Skadden provided disclosures regarding its relationships with the members of the Buyer Consortium, noting that, in the past two years, Skadden had not done work for any members of the Buyer Consortium or for the Company. 

On December 3, 2025, Mr. Carson, Mr. Ortenzio and Mr. Scully, each a director of the Company Board who was determined to not be disinterested from the Buyer Consortium, signed waivers of the notice requirements for all Company Board meetings called regarding the November Proposal at which participation would be limited to disinterested directors of the Company Board. 

On December 4, 2025, the Special Committee held a meeting. At the meeting, the Special Committee unanimously determined to engage Skadden to serve as legal counsel to the Special Committee based on Skadden’s expertise, experience, independence, qualifications and reputation. 

On December 5, 2025, the Special Committee executed an engagement letter with Skadden with respect to Skadden’s engagement as legal counsel to the Special Committee. 

 

28

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Also on December 5, 2025, the Special Committee met and discussed the engagement of a financial advisor to the Special Committee. The Special Committee determined to direct Skadden to contact potential financial advisors to gauge interest in engagement as financial advisor to the Special Committee. 

Later on December 5, 2025, at the Special Committee’s direction, representatives of Skadden contacted potential financial advisors. 

During the week of December 8, 2025, representatives of Skadden interviewed each member of the Special Committee to assess their relationships with members of the Buyer Consortium. During such interviews, Ms. Davisson and Mr. Ely disclosed that they had invested as limited partners in a fund (which is not managed by Welsh Carson and over whose investment decisions they have no discretion) created by Mr. Carson, and that the amounts of such investments were not material to the net worth of either director. 

On December 8, 2025, representatives of Skadden and Cravath held a call to introduce Skadden as legal counsel to the Special Committee. 

During the week of December 8, 2025, the Special Committee interviewed six prospective financial advisors to the Special Committee, including Goldman Sachs, each of whom sent the Special Committee disclosures with respect to their relationships with the Company and the members of the Buyer Consortium. 

On December 9, 2025, Mr. Ortenzio sent the Company a due diligence workplan. The Special Committee discussed the due diligence workplan with representatives of Skadden and concluded that no diligence materials would be shared with the Buyer Consortium until the non-disclosure agreement was executed, and that the Buyer Consortium should not begin diligence until the Special Committee had more time to consider the November Proposal and determine how to respond, but that the members of the Company’s management unaffiliated with the Buyer Consortium (“
Unaffiliated Management
”) could begin moving forward with populating a virtual data room. 

Also on December 9, 2025, representatives of Cravath sent Dechert a revised draft of the non-disclosure agreement and an initial legal due diligence request list, each of which included feedback from representatives of Ropes & Gray. 

On December 12, 2025, the Company and Welsh Carson entered into the non-disclosure agreement, which Skadden reviewed. The terms of the non-disclosure agreement contained standstill provisions (with fall-away events), employee non-solicitation provisions and provisions permitting Welsh Carson to share evaluation material and discuss the potential transaction with Messrs. Ortenzio and Jackson as members of the Buyer Consortium. 

On December 13, 2025, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden to discuss the selection of its independent financial advisor. The Special Committee unanimously stated it wished to select Goldman Sachs based on its differentiated expertise, experience, qualifications and reputation. After discussing Goldman Sachs’ relationship disclosure, the Special Committee directed Skadden to further evaluate Goldman Sachs’ independence. 

On December 14, 2025, representatives of Skadden interviewed representatives of Goldman Sachs regarding its prior disclosures with respect to its relationships with the Company and the members of the Buyer Consortium. 

On December 15, 2025, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden to further discuss the selection of its financial advisor. After a discussion regarding Goldman Sachs’ relationship disclosure, and having reviewed the relationship disclosure letter of Goldman Sachs, the Special Committee unanimously determined that it did not identify any facts or circumstances that the Special Committee believed would limit the ability of Goldman Sachs to fulfill its responsibilities as financial advisor to the Special Committee in connection with the contemplated engagement, and agreed to engage Goldman Sachs as its independent financial advisor based on Goldman Sachs’ differentiated expertise, experience, qualifications and reputation. 

On December 16, 2025, Mr. Thomas spoke with a representative of Goldman Sachs. Mr. Thomas commented that the Special Committee desired to engage Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor, subject to the negotiation of an acceptable engagement letter, and requested that a representative of Goldman Sachs provide a draft of the engagement letter. 

 

29

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

On December 17, 2025, following receipt of a draft engagement letter from Goldman Sachs earlier in the day, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden to review the proposed terms of the engagement letter. Following the discussion, the Special Committee instructed Skadden to prepare a revised draft, which the representatives of Skadden, at the direction of the Special Committee, sent to representatives of Goldman Sachs later that day, subject to the concurrent review of the Special Committee. 

On December 18, 2025, at the direction of the Special Committee, the Company responded to Stockholder A, indicating that the Special Committee was not in a position to meet as of that date. 

On December 19, 2025, at the direction of the Special Committee, representatives of Skadden sent representatives of Goldman Sachs a further revised draft of the engagement letter. 

On December 20, 2025, the Special Committee executed an engagement letter with Goldman Sachs with respect to Goldman Sachs’ engagement as independent financial advisor to the Special Committee. 

Also on December 20, 2025, the Special Committee met twice, first with only the members of the Special Committee, and again with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden, to review and approve a “rules of the road” document prepared by Skadden, which set forth guidelines for the conduct of the Special Committee, Unaffiliated Management and their advisors during the evaluation of the November Proposal and potentially other strategic alternatives (including prohibiting communications with any bidders regarding a potential transaction absent approval by the Special Committee and designating Michael Tarvin, the Company’s internal legal counsel, as a point of contact for communications and requests for the Special Committee). The Special Committee discussed the process for disseminating the rules of the road to Unaffiliated Management, handling questions and coordinating with advisors. The rules of the road were unanimously approved by the Special Committee. 

On December 23, 2025, the Special Committee held a meeting to discuss the process with respect to its evaluation of the November Proposal and potentially other strategic alternatives. The Special Committee met first with representatives of Skadden, who reviewed the Special Committee’s fiduciary duties in the context of evaluating the November Proposal as well as in considering other strategic alternatives potentially available to the Company. Certain members of Unaffiliated Management, as well as representatives of Dechert and Goldman Sachs, then joined the meeting. The members of the Special Committee and representatives of Skadden then provided an overview of a “rules of the road” document and discussed the information Goldman Sachs would need from the Company to conduct its financial analysis. The members of Unaffiliated Management and representatives of Dechert then left the meeting, and representatives of Goldman Sachs outlined its views on next steps in the Special Committee’s evaluation process, the universe of potential bidders other than the Buyer Consortium and the anticipated timeline of an outreach process to such parties and response to the November Proposal. After discussion with representatives of Goldman Sachs, the Special Committee agreed on the proposed list of sponsor and strategic parties that could be potential bidders, based on their involvement in the Company’s industry and ability to undertake such a transaction. 

On January 6, 2026, representatives of JPMorgan and Wells Fargo, financial advisors to the Buyer Consortium, contacted representatives of Goldman Sachs and asked when the Buyer Consortium should expect to receive a response to the November Proposal and be provided instructions as to next steps and access to the diligence materials it had requested. The representatives of Goldman Sachs noted that the Special Committee was assessing its options and would be in touch when it determined it was appropriate to do so. 

On January 12, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden to review Goldman Sachs’ initial preliminary financial analysis of the Company in connection with the Special Committee’s review of the November Proposal and other strategic alternatives available to the Company. The Special Committee reviewed and discussed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for the Company which, (i) with respect to fiscal years 2026 through 2030, were prepared by the Company’s management in the ordinary course and had previously been presented to the Company Board and (ii) with respect to fiscal years 2031 through 2035, were subsequently prepared by the Company’s management, each as provided to Goldman Sachs and approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by the Special Committee (the “
Forecasts
”). Representatives of Goldman Sachs also discussed outreach to potential bidders other than the Buyer Consortium, noting that no inbound interest had been received to date, despite the public disclosure of the November Proposal. Representatives of Goldman Sachs and members of the Special Committee also discussed other potential 

 

30

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

options to enhance stockholder value, including the separation of critical illness recovery hospitals and an accelerated share repurchase. After discussion, the Special Committee determined that the Company’s value exceeded the $16.00 to $16.20 per Company Share range in the November Proposal. The Special Committee determined to direct representatives of Goldman Sachs to communicate to the Buyer Consortium that its offer was not adequate and also instructed representatives of Goldman Sachs to begin outreach to other potential bidders to determine if there were other bidders who would be willing to submit a higher proposal or generate competitive tension with the Buyer Consortium to push its proposal higher. The members of the Special Committee and representatives of Goldman Sachs also discussed meeting with certain holders of the Company Shares who had previously contacted the Company regarding the November Proposal. Finally, the Special Committee adopted resolutions waiving the application of Section 203 of the DGCL to the participants in the November Proposal. 

On January 14, 2026, a representative of Goldman Sachs spoke with representatives from Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (“
Wells Fargo
”) and JPMorgan regarding the price per Company Share in the November Proposal. As directed by the Special Committee, the representative of Goldman Sachs informed representatives from Wells Fargo and JPMorgan that the price per Company Share in the November Proposal was not adequate. The representative of Goldman Sachs also indicated that the Company would be opening a virtual data room to members of the Buyer Consortium to facilitate their due diligence in order to improve their offer above the November Proposal. During that conversation, the representative from Goldman Sachs and representatives from Wells Fargo and JPMorgan also discussed the need for management presentations to representatives of the Buyer Consortium and agreed that Wells Fargo, JPMorgan and the Buyer Consortium would provide details on the content they would like to cover at such presentations. Representatives from Wells Fargo and JPMorgan then shared the substance of this conversation with Mr. Ortenzio. 

On January 15, 2026, at the direction of the Special Committee, representatives of Goldman Sachs opened the virtual data room to members of the Buyer Consortium. 

Also on January 15, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs, as well as members of Unaffiliated Management, to review the Forecasts in detail and to consider whether the Special Committee, would, if acceptable to the Special Committee, approve such Forecasts for use in connection with the Special Committee’s evaluation of the November Proposal. The members of Unaffiliated Management reviewed the Forecasts, including (i) how the model was constructed, (ii) the forecasting process, (iii) key revenue drivers, (iv) the competitive landscape, (v) payer mix development, (vi) primary referral sources, (vii) potential rate increases, (viii) key assumptions of the projections, (ix) expenses and margins and (x) potential opportunities to improve performance. After a detailed discussion, the members of the Special Committee determined that no changes to the Forecasts were required and unanimously approved the Forecasts. The members of the Special Committee and Unaffiliated Management also discussed the timing of upcoming management presentations with representatives of the Buyer Consortium, which it was tentatively agreed would take place on either January 27th or January 28th, 2026, with representatives of Goldman Sachs in attendance. Following the Special Committee’s discussion with Unaffiliated Management, the members of Unaffiliated Management left the meeting, and representatives of Goldman Sachs informed the Special Committee that they had begun outreach to other potential bidders. 

On January 16, 2026, Mr. Thomas and certain members of Unaffiliated Management met with representatives of Stockholder A. Stockholder A expressed support for the Special Committee and stated that in its opinion, the $16.00 to $16.20 price per Company Share in the November Proposal undervalued the Company. 

Also on January 16, 2026, representatives of JPMorgan and Wells Fargo and, at the direction of the Special Committee, representatives of Goldman Sachs confirmed that an in-person management presentation would be held in New York City on January 27 and 28, 2026. 

During the week of January 19, 2026, representatives of Goldman Sachs contacted nine potential bidders (other than the Buyer Consortium) at the direction of the Special Committee. Ultimately, seven of the potential bidders stated they did not have interest in pursuing a transaction with the Company, and the remaining two did not respond to the outreach by representatives of Goldman Sachs. 

On January 27 and 28, 2026, members of Unaffiliated Management and representatives of Goldman Sachs held management presentations with representatives of the Buyer Consortium to assist the Buyer 

 

31

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Consortium in better understanding the Company’s business, including its financial profile, operating segments and development pipeline, among other topics. 

On January 29, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs. Representatives of Goldman Sachs first provided a market update on the recent decision by the federal government to propose lower than expected reimbursement rates for the Medicare program, which had resulted in stock price declines for many companies in the Company’s industry, and discussed the potential implications for the Company, noting that it could represent a significant industry headwind. The Special Committee requested that Goldman Sachs provide a preliminary illustrative financial analysis reflecting different sensitivities using the downside case of rates. Representatives of Goldman Sachs then provided an update on the in-person management presentation with the Buyer Consortium. In addition, representatives of Goldman Sachs provided an update regarding the most recent outreach to other potential bidders for the Company, reporting that as of that date five parties had declined interest and four responses were pending. The Committee discussed next steps, including the potential for further outreach, transaction document preparation and timing for requesting an updated proposal from the Buyer Consortium. 

On February 2, 2026, the Company’s internal legal counsel had a telephonic conversation, during which Mr. Ortenzio requested a meeting with the Special Committee, around the time of the upcoming regularly scheduled meeting of the full Company Board, to provide an update to the Special Committee on the Buyer Consortium’s work to date. 

Beginning on February 3, 2026 through February 17, 2026, members of the Company’s management and representatives from Goldman Sachs, Skadden and Dechert participated in due diligence calls with representatives from Wells Fargo, JPMorgan, Welsh Carson, Cravath, Ropes & Gray, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, tax advisor to the Buyer Consortium, Bain & Company, consulting advisor to the Buyer Consortium, and other advisors to and affiliates of the Buyer Consortium. 

On February 3, 2026, representatives of one of the holders of Company Shares (“
Stockholder B
”) requested a meeting with the Special Committee. 

On February 4, 2026, the Special Committee met and discussed the upcoming regularly scheduled meeting of the full Company Board and the meeting that Mr. Ortenzio had requested. After discussion, the Special Committee determined to meet with Mr. Ortenzio. 

Also on February 4, 2026, representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs held a call to discuss the upcoming meeting that Mr. Ortenzio had requested with the Special Committee. 

On February 5, 2026, representatives of Cravath called representatives of Skadden and discussed the scheduling of the requested meeting between Mr. Ortenzio and the Special Committee. 

On February 6, 2026, the Special Committee met with Stockholder B, during which meeting Stockholder B indicated that it believed the price per Company Share in the November Proposal undervalued the Company and asked whether the Special Committee was considering alternatives to the November Proposal. The Special Committee informed Stockholder B that it was evaluating other strategic alternatives in addition to the November Proposal. 

Also on February 6, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs. Representatives of Goldman Sachs provided an update on the Buyer Consortium’s diligence to date, as well as representatives of Goldman Sachs’ outreach to other potential bidders (none of which had indicated interest). Representatives of Goldman Sachs then reviewed its illustrative preliminary financial analysis for the Company and discussed its valuation methodologies. Representatives of Goldman Sachs also discussed the potential impact of lower-than-expected Medicare reimbursement rates on its financial analysis. The Special Committee and representatives of Goldman Sachs discussed the preliminary financial analysis and agreed that they continued to believe the value of the Company was in excess of the price per Company Share range indicated in the November Proposal. The Special Committee discussed how it would approach its upcoming meeting with Mr. Ortenzio, at which they believed it was possible members would receive a revised proposal from the Buyer Consortium. 

On February 8, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs. The Special Committee and its advisors discussed the Company’s upcoming earnings release and its potential 

 

32

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

impact on the Company’s stock price and the Special Committee’s ongoing evaluation of the November Proposal. Representatives of Goldman Sachs confirmed that they still believed their prior preliminary financial analysis remained accurate, but noted that, while the public disclosure of the November Proposal may mitigate it, the earnings release could negatively affect the Company’s stock price, particularly given the current downward stock price pressure in the Company’s industry. The Special Committee also discussed the potential that the earnings release may lead to the Buyer Consortium reducing the per Company Share price in the November Proposal. The Special Committee also discussed the status of the Buyer Consortium’s diligence process with representatives of Goldman Sachs. 

On February 11, 2026, after the regularly scheduled meeting of the audit committee of the Company Board, the members of the Special Committee met with Mr. Ortenzio, who provided an update on the Buyer Consortium’s diligence. Mr. Ortenzio noted that he anticipated that Cravath would send Skadden a draft merger agreement that the Buyer Consortium had been working on. Mr. Thomas asked Mr. Ortenzio whether his view of the Forecasts had changed in a manner that would affect his view of the Company’s value. Mr. Ortenzio stated that it had not. Mr. Ortenzio did not give any update on the price-per-Company Share range indicated in the November Proposal. 

On February 12, 2026, the members of the Special Committee met with the other disinterested members of the Company Board and provided an update on the Special Committee’s evaluation process, as well as anticipated next steps. 

Also on February 12, 2026, a representative of Cravath sent a draft of the Merger Agreement to representatives of Skadden, which Skadden in turn shared with the members of the Special Committee and with representatives of Dechert. The draft of the Merger Agreement included, among other things, a requirement that the Merger Agreement be approved by a majority of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote thereon, excluding any Company Shares beneficially owned by the Parent Affiliated Stockholders. 

On February 19, 2026, the Company publicly announced results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2025 and also provided its 2026 business outlook. The Company’s earnings per Company Share missed analysts’ estimates. 

Also on February 19, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden to review and discuss the draft of the Merger Agreement. The Special Committee and representatives of Skadden discussed the draft’s key terms and issues, including consideration, structure, financing provisions, closing conditions, tax matters, termination provisions, non-solicitation and fiduciary-out clauses, specific performance, termination fees, representations and warranties, interim operating covenants, employee matters and appraisal rights. The Special Committee provided direction on how to revise the draft, but determined not to engage with the Buyer Consortium on the Merger Agreement until the Buyer Consortium provided an update to the November Proposal in response to the response communicated on January 14, 2026. The Special Committee directed the representatives of Skadden to have Dechert begin preparing a revised draft consistent with the changes the representatives of Skadden discussed with the Special Committee. The Special Committee and representatives of Skadden then discussed updating the other disinterested members of the Company Board in the event the Special Committee received a revised proposal from the Buyer Consortium. 

On February 21, 2026, representatives of JPMorgan and Wells Fargo called representatives of Goldman Sachs and informed them that the Buyer Consortium would be revising its proposal downward to $16.00 per Company Share, citing a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, the financing environment and the recent performance of the Company’s peer companies following fourth quarter earnings announcements, among other reasons. 

Also on February 21, 2026, representatives of Cravath called representatives of Skadden and informed them that the Buyer Consortium would be sending the Special Committee a written revised proposal the following day, revising its proposal to $16.00 per Company Share, and Mr. Ortenzio, the Estate of Rocco A. Ortenzio and Mr. Jackson would be amending their previously filed Schedule 13D. 

On February 22, 2026, the Special Committee received a written update to Mr. Ortenzio’s proposal that revised the price per Company Share from the $16.00 to $16.20 range in the November Proposal to $16.00 per 

 

33

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Company Share (the “
February 22 Proposal
”), representing a 14% premium at the midpoint of the range to the unaffected closing price on November 24, 2025 and a 21% premium to the 90-day volume-weighted average price as of November 24, 2025. 

On February 23, 2026, Mr. Ortenzio, the Estate of Rocco A. Ortenzio and Mr. Jackson amended their Schedule 13D to reflect the February 22 Proposal. 

Later on February 23, 2026, Mr. Ortenzio contacted Mr. Thomas and scheduled a meeting on February 24, 2026, to discuss the February 22 Proposal. 

Also on February 23, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs to discuss the February 22 Proposal. The Special Committee discussed (i) the impact that the Company’s recently announced financial results and 2026 business outlook may have had on the February 22 Proposal, (ii) the reaction of holders of Company Shares to the February 22 Proposal and (iii) how frequently in similar situations a prospective buyer reduces the price initially proposed. Mr. Thomas noted that he had a meeting scheduled with Mr. Ortenzio for February 24, 2026 to discuss the February 22 Proposal, and the members of the Special Committee discussed potential responses. After discussing the advice received from its advisors on the matter, the Special Committee unanimously determined that $16.00 per Company Share was an inadequate price, discussed potential value proposals and unanimously determined that Mr. Thomas should propose a price of $17.50 per Company Share to Mr. Ortenzio at their upcoming meeting. 

On February 24, 2026, the Company Board received a letter from a holder of Company Shares stating the view that the price-per-Company Share proposed by the Buyer Consortium undervalued the Company. 

Also on February 24, 2026, Mr. Thomas met with Mr. Ortenzio to discuss the February 22 Proposal. Mr. Thomas told Mr. Ortenzio that the $16.00 price per Company Share indicated in the February 22 Proposal was inadequate and that the Special Committee’s counterproposal was $17.50 per Company Share. Mr. Ortenzio said that the Buyer Consortium would not be willing to accept that price based on its view of the value of the Company and its future plans for the Company. Mr. Thomas reiterated that $16.00 per Company Share was inadequate and that he would anticipate that any transaction at such a price would not be approved by the holders of Company Shares. 

On February 25, 2026, the Special Committee met twice, first with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden, and again with only members of the Special Committee, to discuss Mr. Thomas’ conversation with Mr. Ortenzio regarding the February 22 Proposal. Mr. Thomas relayed his conversation with Mr. Ortenzio to the other members of the Special Committee and representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden. After further discussion, the Special Committee determined to reject the February 22 Proposal and request that the Buyer Consortium advance an improved proposal. The Special Committee concluded that Mr. Thomas should convey this response to Mr. Ortenzio. The Special Committee also discussed the impact of the public disclosure of Mr. Ortenzio’s proposal on the Company’s stock price and the probability that, but for the mitigating impact of that public disclosure, the Company’s stock price would likely be lower following its recent earnings announcement and proposed Medicare reimbursement rates. After discussion with representatives of Goldman Sachs, and consideration of Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses, the Special Committee also determined that a price of $16.50 per Company Share may be acceptable in the Special Committee’s view, but agreed not to indicate that to the Buyer Consortium. 

On February 26, 2026, Mr. Thomas spoke with Mr. Ortenzio by phone. Mr. Thomas stated that the $16.00 per Company Share price in the February 22 Proposal was inadequate and that the Forecasts supported a valuation of $17.50 per Company Share or more. Mr. Thomas further noted to Mr. Ortenzio that certain holders of Company Shares had contacted the Special Committee and indicated that they believed even Mr. Ortenzio’s prior proposal of $16.00 to $16.20 per Company Share was insufficient and that, as they had discussed before, the Special Committee agreed with that assessment. Mr. Ortenzio reiterated to Mr. Thomas that a revised proposal at the Special Committee’s proposed price was not achievable based on the Buyer Consortium’s view of the value of the Company and that the Special Committee should present a counterproposal to the February 22 Proposal. 

Also on February 26, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden to discuss the status of negotiations with the Buyer Consortium. Mr. Thomas relayed his 

 

34

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

conversation with Mr. Ortenzio from earlier that day. After discussion with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden, the Special Committee decided to respond with a proposal of $16.80 per Company Share. 

Later that same day, Mr. Thomas called Mr. Ortenzio and informed him of the Special Committee’s proposal of $16.80 per Company Share. 

On February 27, 2026, Mr. Ortenzio called Mr. Thomas and stated that the Buyer Consortium was revising its proposal to $16.25 per Company Share (the “
February 27 Proposal
”), representing a 16% premium at the midpoint of the range to the unaffected closing price on November 24, 2025 and a 23% premium to the 90-day volume-weighted average price as of November 24, 2025. As previously authorized by the Special Committee, Mr. Thomas told Mr. Ortenzio that the February 27 Proposal was inadequate and that the Special Committee would not be willing to move forward with that proposal. 

Also on February 27, 2026, the Special Committee met three times. During the first meeting, Mr. Thomas relayed to the other members of the Special Committee his conversation with Mr. Ortenzio. During the second meeting, the Special Committee discussed the February 27 Proposal with representatives of Goldman Sachs and Skadden, concluded it was insufficient and determined to counter with a proposal of $16.75 per Company Share. The Special Committee further determined that, in the event Mr. Ortenzio did not accept the $16.75 per Company Share proposal, Mr. Thomas could propose $16.70 per Company Share. The Special Committee also agreed that Mr. Thomas should convey this response to Mr. Ortenzio. 

Later in the day on February 27, 2026, between the Special Committee’s second and third meetings, Mr. Thomas called Mr. Ortenzio and conveyed the Special Committee’s counterproposal of $16.75 per Company Share. Mr. Ortenzio responded unfavorably, expressing that he was highly disappointed in what he perceived as the lack of movement from the Special Committee’s previous position. Mr. Thomas reiterated that based on the Forecasts, the Buyer Consortium should be willing to accept $16.75, but, as previously authorized by the Special Committee, he noted that the Special Committee would be willing to provide a counterproposal of $16.70 per Company Share. Mr. Ortenzio responded that a price exceeding $16.50 per Company Share would not be possible. Mr. Thomas and Mr. Ortenzio agreed to discuss further the following day. 

Later in the day on February 27, 2026, in the Special Committee’s third meeting, which representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs attended, Mr. Thomas relayed to the other members of the Special Committee his conversation with Mr. Ortenzio. The Special Committee discussed the negotiations and unanimously determined to provide a revised proposal of $16.50 per Company Share in a subsequent call with Mr. Ortenzio and to communicate to him that at any lower price, the Special Committee would not be in a position to recommend a transaction with the Buyer Consortium to the holders of Company Shares. The Special Committee also agreed that Mr. Thomas should convey this response to Mr. Ortenzio. 

On February 28, 2026, Mr. Thomas called Mr. Ortenzio and informed him of the Special Committee’s revised proposal of $16.50 per Company Share and that the Special Committee would not agree to a lower price. Mr. Ortenzio agreed to update his proposal to $16.50 per Company Share (the “
February 28 Proposal
”), representing a 18% premium at the midpoint of the range to the unaffected closing price on November 24, 2025 and a 25% premium to the 90-day volume-weighted average price as of November 24, 2025. 

Later in the day on February 28, 2026, the Special Committee met with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs to discuss the February 28 Proposal. Mr. Thomas relayed his call with Mr. Ortenzio, and then the Special Committee and its advisors discussed next steps, including negotiation and finalization of the draft Merger Agreement and other transaction documentation, timing for announcing a transaction, as well as stockholder approval procedures. The Special Committee directed the representatives of Skadden in attendance to relay to Dechert that they should proceed quickly to finalize drafts of the transaction documentation consistent with the feedback previously provided by the Special Committee. 

Later that day, representatives of Cravath and Skadden discussed next steps for negotiating and finalizing the draft Merger Agreement and other transaction documentation and timing for potentially announcing a transaction. Representatives of Cravath indicated the Buyer Consortium’s intention to finalize and announce a transaction as promptly as possible. Representatives of Skadden requested that the Buyer Consortium share drafts of its financing commitment documentation and other ancillary documentation for the Special Committee’s review. 

 

35

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Also on February 28, 2026, representatives of Dechert and Skadden received drafts of the Equity Commitment Letter, Limited Guaranty, Debt Commitment Letter and fee letter related to the Debt Financing from a representative of Cravath. 

Later that day and throughout the next day, representatives of Cravath and Mr. Ortenzio and Mr. Jackson spoke with representatives of Dechert and the Unaffiliated Management to communicate the importance to the Buyer Consortium of promptly finalizing and announcing a transaction as promptly as possible in advance of management’s planned investor meetings at an upcoming conference. 

On March 1, 2026, a representative of Dechert sent a representative of Cravath a revised draft of the Merger Agreement that reflected comments from representatives of Skadden, Dechert and the Company, which Cravath then shared with Ropes & Gray and members of the Buyer Consortium. Among other things, the revised draft reduced the Company Termination Fee payable by the Company if the Merger Agreement were to be terminated in certain circumstances (including if the Company terminated the Merger Agreement to enter into an alternative agreement for a Company Superior Proposal) and increased the Parent Termination Fee payable by Parent to the Company if the Merger Agreement were to be terminated because the Debt Financing for the transaction was not funded or was otherwise available. 

Later that day, a representative of Cravath sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to representatives of Skadden and Dechert. Among other things, the revised draft increased the Company Termination Fee payable by the Company and reduced the Parent Termination Fee payable by Parent. Also on that day, Cravath sent to Skadden and Dechert drafts of the form of Rollover Agreement and Interim Investors Agreement, and Dechert sent to Cravath a draft of the Company’s disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement. 

Throughout the day on each of March 1, 2026 and March 2, 2026, representatives of Dechert, in consultation with representatives of Skadden, engaged in negotiations with representatives of Cravath and Ropes & Gray regarding the Merger Agreement and other draft agreements described above consistent with the positions previously approved by the Special Committee. These negotiations addressed a range of issues, including (1) the amount of the Company Termination Fee and the Parent Termination Fee, (2) the regulatory approvals that would be required as a condition to closing the Merger and (3) the “outside date” that would apply whereby either party would have the right to terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger had not closed by such date. Ultimately the parties agreed that: (a) the amount of the Company Termination Fee payable by the Company would be equal to 3.25% of the equity value of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (b) the amount of the Parent Termination Fee payable by Parent would be equal to 6.5% of the equity value of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (c) in light of the regulatory approvals that the parties agreed would be a condition to the closing of the Merger, the outside date would be nine months after the execution of the Merger Agreement, subject to an automatic extension for an additional three months if the only pending closing conditions at that time were regulatory approvals. 

Also on March 1, 2026, the Special Committee held a meeting with the other disinterested directors of the Company Board, which had been scheduled earlier that day, and provided an overview of (i) the negotiations with the Buyer Consortium to date, particularly the negotiations on, and the Special Committee’s views with respect to, price and (ii) the Special Committee’s evaluation process as a whole. The Special Committee then informed the other disinterested directors that, subject to acceptable finalization of the transaction documentation and final review of the financial analysis with representatives of Goldman Sachs, they were prepared to recommend that the Company Board accept the February 28 Proposal. 

The Special Committee met on March 2, 2026, with representatives of Skadden and Goldman Sachs in attendance. At the meeting, representatives of Skadden again advised the Special Committee regarding the Special Committee members’ fiduciary duties in connection with considering the transaction with the Buyer Consortium and strategic alternatives to that transaction, as well as the standards of review applicable to the Special Committee’s actions and decisions in connection with the transaction. Representatives of Skadden then provided a summary of the key terms of the Merger Agreement and the other transaction documents, including the consideration to be received by the holders (other than the Parent Affiliated Stockholders) of the outstanding Company Shares, the closing conditions (including the requirement that the Merger Agreement be approved by holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote thereon, excluding any Company Shares beneficially owned by the Parent Affiliated Stockholders), the covenants of the parties (including the non-solicitation provision applicable to the 

 

36

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Company), the termination fees payable by the parties under certain circumstances, the terms of the Rollover Agreements, the terms of the financing for the transaction and other key terms. The representatives of Goldman Sachs then reviewed the key terms of the February 28 Proposal and their financial analyses of the transaction, including an overview of key financial assumptions, the Forecasts and a summary of financial analyses (including discounted cash flow, present value of future stock price, precedent transactions and premia paid analyses). A representative of Goldman Sachs also noted that the February 28 Proposal was within the range of the implied share prices resulting from Goldman Sachs’ financial analysis and advised the Special Committee that Goldman Sachs was prepared to provide its fairness opinion. After this discussion, and upon request by the Special Committee, a representative of Goldman Sachs advised the Special Committee that, subject to the various assumptions set forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, which would be provided to the Special Committee following the meeting, the $16.50 in cash per Company Share was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders (other than Excluded Holders) of the outstanding Company Shares. Following this discussion, a representative of Skadden reviewed proposed resolutions related to the transaction with the Special Committee. After further discussion, the Special Committee unanimously approved and adopted resolutions (i) determining that it is fair to and in the best interests of the Company and the Company Unaffiliated Stockholders for the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement and declaring the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, advisable and (ii) recommending that the Company Board declare the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, advisable, adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and recommend adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement by the holders of Company Shares. 

Later on March 2, 2026, following the conclusion of the meeting of the Special Committee, the Company Board held a meeting attended by all disinterested members of the Company Board and by representatives of Skadden, Goldman Sachs and Dechert. During the meeting, representatives of Dechert advised the Company Board regarding the Company Board members’ fiduciary duties in connection with considering the transaction with the Buyer Consortium, as well as the standards of review applicable to the Company Board’s actions and decisions in connection with the transaction. Mr. Thomas then provided the Company Board with an overview of the Special Committee’s process that ultimately resulted in the February 28 Proposal, including the Special Committee’s evaluation of the November Proposal, the outreach to other potential bidders, the negotiation of price with the Buyer Consortium and the Special Committee’s unanimous recommendation that the Company Board approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger. Referring to materials previously made available to the disinterested members of the Company Board, representatives of Dechert then provided a detailed summary of the Merger Agreement and the other transaction documents, including the consideration to be received by the Company Unaffiliated Stockholders, the closing conditions (including the requirement that the Merger Agreement be approved by holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote thereon, excluding any Company Shares beneficially owned by the Parent Affiliated Stockholders), the representations and warranties of the parties, the covenants of the parties (including the interim operating covenants and the non-solicitation provision applicable to the Company), the termination rights and the termination fees payable by the parties under certain circumstances, the Rollover Agreements, the terms of the Equity Financing and Debt Financing for the transaction, the remedy structure (including specific performance and the Parent Termination Fee) and other key terms. Representatives of Goldman Sachs then provided the Company Board with an overview of Goldman Sachs’ financial analysis that was presented to the Special Committee, including an overview of key financial assumptions, the Forecasts and a summary of financial analyses (including discounted cash flow, present value of future stock price, precedent transactions and premia paid analyses), and advised the Company Board that Goldman Sachs had rendered an oral fairness opinion to the Special Committee and was prepared to provide the Special Committee with a written fairness opinion. After further discussion, the disinterested members of the Company Board, consisting of Mr. Thomas, Ms. Davisson, Mr. Ely, Dr. Frist, Ms. Tavenner and Dr. Khanuja, unanimously adopted resolutions approving the Merger Agreement and recommending the Merger Agreement to the holders of Company Shares. 

On March 2, 2026, the parties executed the Merger Agreement and the other transaction documents. That evening, after the close of trading on the NYSE, the parties announced their entry into the Merger Agreement through a joint press release. 

 

37

TABLE OF CONTENTS
​

 

As of the date of this proxy statement, the Special Committee has not been disbanded.