The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and events that led to the execution of definitive documentation, including the Merger Agreement, in connection with the Company’s transaction with Parent and Merger Sub. The following chronology does not purport to catalogue every conversation among representatives of the Company, Parent or any other parties. Other than as described below, there have been no material contacts between the Company and Parent in the past two years.
 
As part of its ongoing evaluation of the Company’s businesses, the Board, together with senior management, regularly reviews and assesses the Company’s strategic direction, operations, financial performance and business plans, as well as the Company’s prospects and the strategic landscape for the Company’s businesses, with a view towards strengthening the Company’s businesses and identifying opportunities to increase stockholder value. 
Over the years, the Board has reviewed and considered, from time to time, among other items, potential opportunities for business combinations, acquisitions, divestitures and other financial and strategic alternatives, taking into account economic, competitive, regulatory and other conditions, as well as historical and projected industry trends and developments. The Board has also engaged, from time to time during the last few years, in discussions to explore various strategic pathways available to the Company to drive enhanced growth and maximize stockholder value, including potential divestitures, spin-offs, strategic partnerships, capital raising initiatives and other transactions. The Board considered such alternatives in light of risks of continued operation without any such transactions. 
In many instances, the consideration of these transactions did not proceed beyond preliminary stages. However, in some instances, negotiations resulted in the entry into and consummation of sales of certain portions of the business. For example, in May 2024, the Company agreed to sell its 47.3% stake in AES Brasil to Auren Energia, a large Brazilian hydro and wind generator listed on the BOVESPA and controlled by the Brazilian conglomerate Votorantim and the Canadian pension fund CPP-I. In September 2024, the Company agreed to sell a 30% indirect interest in AES Ohio to Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec. 
In early 2024, while in attendance at certain industry conferences or forums, Andrés Gluski, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, routinely met with various parties, including Party A, a sovereign wealth fund, together with certain of its affiliates, and Party B, a publicly traded international energy holding company, and, among other things, discussed potential strategic partnerships and investment opportunities. 
On March 19, 2024, Mr. Gluski met with a representative of management of Party B for dinner, where the parties discussed potential strategic partnerships, including the possibility of a business combination of certain of the Company’s businesses with certain of Party B’s and GIP’s businesses. 
On April 17, 2024, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management. Representatives of senior management of the Company discussed with the Board the performance of the Company Common Stock. At a dinner in connection with the meeting, Mr. Gluski provided an update to the Board regarding his discussions with, and potential interest in a partnership with and/or investment in the Company received from each of Party A and certain of its affiliates, Party B, and GIP. He also noted that despite successful execution of AES’ clean energy strategy, the Company’s public valuation remained challenged. The Board discussed potential strategic alternatives, including further asset sales, spin-offs, or a potential merger or take-private transaction, to bridge this valuation gap and secure funding for AES’ planned significant growth investments in renewables and infrastructure. The Board was supportive of Mr. Gluski continuing discussions with counterparties regarding potential interest in a partnership with and/or investment in the Company. 
25

TABLE OF CONTENTS
On April 22, 2024, Joel Abramson, Senior Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions and Strategy of the Company, spoke with Jonathan Bram, Partner at GIP, about exploring a potential transaction. 
Following additional preliminary conversations between representatives of the Company and GIP and Party B regarding a potential combination of certain of the Company’s businesses and the counterparties’ businesses, on June 12, 2024, GIP and Party B jointly executed a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
On June 13, 2024, certain members of senior management of the Company met in New York with representatives of GIP and Party B together, where the parties engaged in preliminary discussions about a potential transaction with the Company involving a combination of certain of the businesses of the three parties and an investment in the Company by GIP and Party B. 
On June 17, 2024, representatives of the Company had a call with representatives of GIP to discuss a variety of potential transaction structures, including the possibility of a take-private transaction involving the Company. 
On July 10, 2024, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management. In connection with their review of the Company’s standalone plan, Mr. Gluski and the Board discussed key challenges and opportunities facing the Company. Mr. Gluski provided an update on his initial discussions with GIP and Party B regarding the possibility of exploring a transaction involving the combination of certain of the Company’s business and the counterparties’ businesses, and the potential for value creation from such transaction. Mr. Gluski also indicated that, after discussions regarding the potential transaction, the counterparties also expressed an interest in exploring a broader transaction with the Company as opposed to a combination of the respective businesses. A discussion followed, and the Board directed Mr. Gluski to continue discussions with counterparties to further explore the possibility of a broader transaction. 
During the week of July 15, 2024, the Company reached out to representatives of J.P. Morgan regarding various financial advisory services, including in connection with the Company’s consideration of various strategic considerations, including a potential transaction with GIP and Party B. 
On August 1, 2024, certain members of senior management of the Company had a call with representatives from J.P. Morgan and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (“
Skadden
”) (counsel to the Company). The discussion centered around the process for exploring a potential transaction, including information sharing as well as possible structuring and regulatory considerations in connection with the various scenarios, including potential asset divestitures, spin-offs, third-party investments or a take-private transaction. Over the next few weeks, Company management continued discussions with representatives of J.P. Morgan and Skadden regarding the process and logistics of such transactions. 
On August 29, 2024, representatives of senior management of the Company discussed a potential transaction with representatives of the two potential counterparties, GIP and Party B. Over the next few days, the parties had a series of discussions to characterize the potential structure of a transaction. The parties also discussed GIP’s and Party B’s due diligence expectations and next steps required in order for the counterparties to be in a position to submit a proposal with respect to a potential transaction. Mr. Gluski expressed that he would need to discuss these updates with the Board before further discussions ensued and due diligence progressed. 
On September 5, 2024, representatives of senior management of the Company met with representatives of senior management of GIP to discuss potential transaction structuring considerations, including considerations with respect to a potential combination of certain of the Company’s business and the counterparties’ businesses as well as a potential take-private transaction. 
On September 12, 2024, the Board held a meeting attended by certain members of senior management of the Company. Mr. Gluski summarized the prior discussions with the Board in July about market trends and initial discussions that had occurred regarding a potential transaction with two potential counterparties, GIP and Party B, with respect to certain components of the Company’s businesses. Mr. Gluski indicated that in the most recent discussions with representatives of senior management of GIP and Party B, they indicated a desire to explore a possible take-private of the Company as a whole, rather than alternative transaction structures. Following such discussions, the Board directed Mr. Gluski to continue to engage in discussions to explore the potential combination of certain of the parties’ businesses as well as a potential take-private transaction with GIP and Party B. 
26

TABLE OF CONTENTS
On September 19, 2024, GIP and Party B communicated to representatives of the Company that they planned to send a document to the Company outlining certain high-level details for a potential transaction. 
On September 26, 2024, the Company executed a confidentiality agreement with Wells Fargo in connection with financial advisory services regarding a potential transaction. Thereafter, Wells Fargo provided financial advisory services to the Company consistent with the services contemplated by the engagement letter the Company entered into with Wells Fargo on November 11, 2025. 
That same day, the Company received a document from GIP and Party B with certain high-level details for a potential transaction and an indication that GIP and Party B were working on a preliminary take-private transaction proposal. 
On October 10, 2024, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting. At a dinner in connection with the meeting, Mr. Gluski provided the Board with an update on discussions with GIP and Party B since the September 12, 2024 board meeting regarding the potential combination of certain of the Company’s business and the counterparties’ businesses as well as a potential take-private transaction. Mr. Gluski stated that he was planning to meet with the chief executive officers of GIP and Party B the following week to further discuss exploring a potential transaction. The Board was supportive of Mr. Gluski continuing discussions with GIP and Party B. The planned discussions with GIP and Party B were briefly postponed while the Company considered the proposed transaction details provided in the document from GIP and Party B. 
On October 25, 2024, Mr. Abramson spoke with Mr. Bram, who indicated that GIP and Party B remained interested in a potential transaction and discussed possible timelines. 
On November 8, 2024, the Board held a meeting attended by certain members of senior management of the Company. Mr. Gluski updated the Board on ongoing discussions with GIP and Party B regarding a potential combination of certain of the Company’s business and the counterparties’ businesses as well as a potential take-private transaction. Mr. Gluski indicated that, after further discussions with Company management, he recommended that the Company discontinue discussions with the counterparties related to the potential transaction in light of other priorities and external conditions, including renewable policy uncertainties following the U.S. presidential and congressional elections and a focus on execution of a substantial internal restructuring within the Company. After further discussion, the Board supported Mr. Gluski’s proposal to discontinue discussions with GIP and Party B. In the following days, Mr. Gluski informed GIP and Party B that the Board had determined to terminate discussions regarding a transaction at that time. 
On December 6, 2024, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management of the Company. Representatives of Company management discussed with the Board the position of the Company in the market and the Company’s strengths, challenges and needs in the current climate. Representatives of Company management also presented on certain potential structural and strategic alternatives under analysis by the Company, including public and private market options that would enable the Company to execute its strategy in the short term and long term. Representatives of Company management also presented on headwinds faced by the Company, including limited public stockholder demand for the Company’s portfolio in the current market, maintaining multiple competing objectives in conjunction with funding the capital plan, and meeting short-term financial goals. The Board considered the challenges and the range of possible alternatives presented by the Company and its advisors. 
On January 22 and 23, 2025, senior management of the Company met informally and separately with representatives of GIP, Party A and Party C, a publicly traded owner of renewable power and utility assets, through separate events while attending the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Each party informally expressed interest in exploring a potential transaction with the Company, including potentially in partnership with other parties. 
On February 7, 2025, the Board held a meeting attended by certain members of senior management of the Company. Mr. Gluski updated the Board regarding the recent interest expressed by GIP, Party A and Party C in a transaction of the type that the Company had stopped pursuing in the fall of 2024. Mr. Gluski informed the Board regarding the meetings in late January with the potentially interested counterparties and noted they each expressed an interest in continuing discussions with the Company regarding a potential transaction. Mr. Gluski also noted that he was supportive of continuing to engage in discussions with the potential counterparties. Following further discussion, the Board supported Mr. Gluski’s proposal to engage in such discussions regarding a potential transaction and directed management to explore a process that would maximize shareholder value. 
27

TABLE OF CONTENTS
On February 13, 2025, Mr. Gluski attended a “BlackRock-GIP Energy Transition Summit” dinner alongside members of senior management of GIP in New York. The attendees discussed GIP’s pending integration with BlackRock’s business, as well as the possibility of resuming discussions regarding a potential transaction. 
On February 20, 2025, in response to a request from Party C, Mr. Gluski held an initial call with Party C, during which Party C signaled an interest in a potential transaction and indicated it would begin evaluating a possible proposal. 
On February 20 and 21, 2025, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management of the Company. Members of management of the Company updated the Board regarding the previously discussed potential transaction with two potential counterparties, GIP and Party B, involving the potential combination of certain of the Company’s business and the counterparties’ businesses, as well as a potential take-private transaction, in which the Company had agreed to continue pursuing discussions during its last board meeting. Mr. Gluski and other members of the Company’s management further discussed the current work of the Company in exploring such strategic opportunities and addressed questions of the Board on potential synergies and growth opportunities as well as potential risks associated with various alternative transactions. Following further discussion, the Board supported management continuing to explore and engage in further discussions regarding a potential transaction with select potential counterparties. 
On February 25, 2025, Mr. Gluski met virtually with principals from Party A, who confirmed interest in a potential acquisition of the Company in partnership with certain of Party A’s affiliates. 
On March 3, 2025, Mr. Gluski virtually held a discussion with principals of Party C to discuss Party C’s continued interest in a potential transaction. 
On March 5, 2025, members of Company management further discussed Party A’s interest in a potential transaction with representatives of Party A. 
On March 6, 2025, Party A executed a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
On March 11, 2025, Mr. Gluski met with principals from Party B at a networking event, where Party B reaffirmed its interest in a potential transaction with the Company. 
Also, on March 11, 2025, a representative of EQT reached out to representatives of Company management regarding a potential transaction involving the Company. Later that day, members of senior management of the Company held a call with representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan to discuss the possibility of admitting EQT into the process. The Company considered the importance of maintaining confidentiality and the potential increased risk of leaks by permitting additional parties into the process. Based on these considerations and since three highly credible bidder groups were already active in the process, the Company declined to invite EQT to join the process at that time. 
On March 12, 2025, GIP and Party B were provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. 
On March 15, 2025, senior management members of the Company met with principals of Party A in Washington, DC and engaged in a high-level discussion of Party A’s considerations and interest in a take-private transaction with respect to the Company. 
On March 17, 2025, Party C executed a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). That same day, Party A and Party C were provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. 
During the week of April 13, 2025, representatives of Company management and J.P. Morgan held virtual meetings with representatives of each of GIP, Party A and Party C to answer questions on the Company’s business. 
On April 15, 2025, the Company and J.P. Morgan entered into an engagement letter to formalize the engagement of J.P. Morgan as the Company’s financial advisor.
On April 21, 2025, an affiliate of Party A entered into a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
28

TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following day, the affiliate of Party A was added to the Party A bidder group as a potential co-investor and provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. 
On April 24, 2025, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan briefed the Board on the launch of a formal two-round transaction process, consisting of a first round indicative bid followed by a second round including detailed due diligence and then a binding offer, and noting that the process design and the potential counterparties being included in the process took into account, among other things, the size and complexity of the Company’s businesses and capital structure, its global footprint and the types of bidders able to effectuate such a transaction. Representatives of Skadden discussed relevant governance aspects and practical considerations with the Board in connection with directors’ fiduciary duties in merger and acquisition processes and change-of-control associated matters. Representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed with the Board certain strategic challenges the Company had faced and continued to face, such as trading at a discount which was generally attributed to operational and geographic complexity of the business and capital constraints (and AES’ recent stock price remained at a similar level to seven years prior, with a persistent discount to analyst expectations), and presented a preliminary assessment of possible strategic alternatives available to the Company, including comparing the Company’s standalone plan with a potential sale of the Company or certain portions of the Company’s business. Representatives of J.P. Morgan indicated that a sale of the Company was the most credible path to unlocking the full intrinsic value of the Company. Representatives of J.P. Morgan also provided preliminary and illustrative financial analysis of the Company and reviewed with the Board an illustrative potential transaction timeline. The Board considered the strategic reasons for a transaction, as well as the financial plan and the Company’s need for additional capital should the Company remain a public company. The Board also considered, with a view towards maximizing stockholder value and taking into account various factors, whether the Company’s representatives should initiate outreach to additional select parties with financial capabilities and experience in the energy and power sectors. After further discussion, the Board concluded and directed Mr. Gluski to continue engaging in the bidding process with three potential counterparties invited to participate: (1) GIP and Party B as joint buyers, (2) Party A and its affiliate and (3) Party C. 
On May 1, 2025, another affiliate of Party A entered into a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
Over the next several weeks, the Company continued to populate the electronic data room, and the potential counterparties conducted diligence and held calls with Company subject matter experts to discuss matters relating to the Company’s business. 
During the week of May 4, 2025, representatives of Company management, along with representatives from J.P. Morgan and Skadden, held full-day in-person management presentations and related meetings at Skadden’s offices in Washington, D.C. with representatives of each of the potential counterparties to provide a more in-depth overview of the Company’s operations and answer questions with respect to the business. 
On May 12, 2025, the Company provided a Round 1 initial bidding process letter to the potential counterparties, outlining the instructions for submission of a non-binding initial indication of interest due on June 12, 2025. 
On May 14, 2025, Mr. Gluski spoke informally with the chief executive officer of Party C at an industry conference regarding a potential transaction. 
In early June 2025, a representative of Party D, a pension fund, contacted a representative of management of the Company and communicated that it had done substantial outside, independent analysis of AES and was interested in scheduling a call to further discuss a potential acquisition transaction. Party D also indicated that GIP could be a potential partner in the transaction, although Party D indicated it had not yet discussed this potential transaction with any other party. 
On June 12, 2025, the submission date for Round 1 non-binding initial indications of interest, only GIP responded with a submission. GIP submitted a non-binding indication of interest to acquire all shares of Company Common Stock for $15.00 per share, a 30.66% premium over the prior day’s closing price of $11.48 per share. Among other things, the offer stated GIP expected to fully fund the acquisition with sponsor equity with no incremental leverage on the Company and contemplated that the Company would not pay a dividend after the end of 2025. GIP referenced its prior 
29

TABLE OF CONTENTS
experience in the renewables and utilities sectors and noted its ability to secure capital to fully fund the transaction. GIP did not submit its Round 1 bid in conjunction with Party B, as Party B had indicated it would be withdrawing from the process due to reservations regarding portfolio complexity and strategic fit. 
Additionally, on June 12, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan received communication from Party C that it would not be providing a Round 1 bid. Party C indicated that it was not submitting a bid because, based on its analysis, it was unable to support a value meaningfully above the Company’s prior day’s closing price of $11.48 per share and therefore could not make an offer that it believed the Company would deem to be transactable. 
On June 14, 2025, a representative of the Company also received communication from Party A that it would not be providing a Round 1 bid. Party A indicated that it was not submitting a bid due to geopolitical considerations and its inability to reach confidence on a proper valuation given the Company’s operational complexities, business mix and regulatory considerations. 
On June 26, 2025, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. The Board received an overview of the outcome of the Round 1 bids, including a summary of GIP’s bid, and was also advised of the outreach from Party D and the factors contributing to other participants not having submitted a Round 1 offer. Representatives of Skadden refreshed the Board on its fiduciary duties, and the Board discussed the analysis and valuation of the business relative to the Round 1 non-binding offer received from GIP. Representatives of J.P. Morgan presented an updated preliminary and illustrative financial analysis of the Company in the context of the offer received, reflecting recent market developments. Representatives of J.P. Morgan and members of Company management also addressed other alternative transactions the Company had evaluated in the past, including the disposition of specific businesses and their assets. Representatives of J.P. Morgan and Company management presented on the strategic rationale for pursuing a potential transaction compared with pursuit of the Company’s standalone plan and provided an overview of what the Round 2 process would entail, including full due diligence, access to a virtual data room, and a final bid date expected by the end of September, at which point Board approval may be sought. The Board discussed and ultimately concluded to move forward with Round 2 of the process with GIP, the party who submitted an initial non-binding offer, and supported the Company continuing discussions with Party D. 
On June 30, 2025, representatives of GIP requested permission from the Company to reach out to certain identified potential co-investors to solicit interest in participating in a transaction alongside GIP. 
On July 1, 2025, representatives of senior management of the Company held a call with representatives of Party D to discuss a potential transaction and Party D’s possible partnership with other interested counterparties. 
On July 4, 2025, GIP executed a revised confidentiality agreement with AES, in light of Party B’s decision to no longer pursue the potential transaction together with GIP, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
On July 8, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan, as directed by the Company, responded to GIP granting approval for GIP to reach out to a list of certain identified potential co-investors, including CalPERS and QIA, to solicit interest in participating in a transaction alongside GIP. 
After the close of market trading on July 8, 2025, 
Bloomberg 
published an article reporting that the Company was exploring options including a potential sale after receiving takeover interest. The article stated that several major private equity firms and infrastructure investors had been studying the Company but that there was no certainty that any would decide to pursue a transaction. The Company did not comment on the article consistent with its policy of not commenting on market rumors regarding mergers and acquisitions. Following publication of the article, the price of shares of Company Common Stock increased approximately 19.8% from the closing price on July 8, 2025 of $11.07 per share to close on July 9, 2025 at $13.26 per share. 
In the days following the leak, representatives of EQT, Party E, a large private equity fund, and Party F, a non-U.S. pension fund, separately reached out to representatives of the Company’s senior management to inquire about the potential transaction and, in some instances, potential opportunities to provide financing. Company management discussed the outreach with its advisors and determined to permit EQT to enter the process in light of the fact that two bidders had dropped out, and that the competitive benefits outweighed any additional leak risk. Additionally, EQT stated that it was interested in a take-private transaction involving the whole Company and provided further information 
30

TABLE OF CONTENTS
regarding the financial resources it had available to consummate a transaction. EQT also stated that it would dedicate the financial and professional resources necessary to conform to the Round 2 process timing. Party E and Party F indicated they were not interested in exploring a similar transaction involving the whole Company, and the Company did not continue discussions with them at that time. 
On July 11, 2025, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management. Members of Company management updated the Board on events following the most recent board meeting, including an overview of the Round 2 process, potential estimated transaction timelines and the framework for further due diligence and regulatory analysis. Members of the Board asked a number of questions regarding the process and potential transaction, which were addressed by members of Company management. The Board supported continuation of the ongoing process. 
On July 14, 2025, representatives of senior management of the Company spoke with representatives of EQT to further discuss the potential transaction, including financing, valuation and the possibility of partnering with another counterparty in the process. 
On July 22, 2025, EQT and AES entered into a confidentiality agreement, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). The next day, EQT was provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. 
On July 23, 2025, representatives of the Company had a call with Party D to discuss the potential transaction and valuation. Party D verbally conveyed that it was targeting a price around $15.00 per share of Company Common Stock. 
On July 25, 2025, representatives of the Company approved GIP’s request to reach out to Party D regarding the opportunity for Party D to participate as a co-investor with GIP in a potential transaction, with the assumption that they could potentially collectively offer a valuation at or higher than GIP’s previous offer of $15.00 per share of Company Common Stock. 
On July 31, 2025, representatives of Company management and J.P. Morgan held a virtual meeting with EQT to answer questions regarding the Company’s business. 
On August 1, 2025, Party D and AES entered into a confidentiality agreement, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). 
On August 19, 2025, representatives of Company management and representatives from J.P. Morgan held a full-day in-person management presentation and related meetings with representatives from EQT to provide a more in-depth overview of the Company’s operations and answer questions with respect to the business. 
Over the course of July and August, 2025, GIP conducted extensive due diligence on the Company, including site visits, regulatory consultations, calls with certain of the Company’s subject matter expert teams and review of electronic data room materials. EQT also conducted extensive due diligence, including review of electronic data room materials and calls with subject matter expert teams. Additionally, EQT requested and received approval from the Company to contact a list of certain potential co-investors to solicit interest in participating in a transaction alongside EQT. 
On September 4, 2025, EQT submitted a non-binding indication of interest to acquire the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock for a proposed range of $14.00–$15.00 per share, to be funded through a combination of committed equity and debt financing and subject to engagement with potential co-investors. As part of its offer letter, EQT requested AES approval to reach out to certain additional identified potential co-investors. Also on September 4, 2025, a representative of EQT had a call with Mr. Gluski to clarify the terms of EQT’s non-binding indication of interest. 
On September 5, 2025, the Company held a previously scheduled CEO update call attended by members of the Board, certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. The Board and its advisors discussed EQT’s non-binding offer, including the concern that EQT’s bid valuation was dependent on access to certain additional identified potential co-investors, who were already engaged in extensive discussions with GIP to participate in a transaction alongside GIP. The Board considered the valuation range that EQT offered, among other things, and decided to permit EQT to continue in the process but did not provide approval at that time for EQT to reach out to the certain additional identified potential co-investors. 
31

TABLE OF CONTENTS
On September 21, 2025, EQT submitted a revised non-binding offer to acquire the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock for $15.00 per share. As part of its offer letter, EQT again requested the Company’s approval to initiate contact with certain additional identified potential co-investors (who were already in discussions with GIP) and noted it would be interested in partnering with another counterparty if it would not be permitted to reach out to the additional identified potential co-investors. 
During the week of September 22, 2025, Mr. Gluski met with Adebayo Ogunlesi, Chairperson and Managing Partner of GIP and Mr. Bram in New York. Mr. Ogunlesi and Mr. Bram reaffirmed GIP’s commitment to the process, their confidence in GIP being able to finance the transaction and continued interest in the potential transaction. 
On September 23, 2025, representatives from J.P. Morgan responded to EQT as directed by the Company, noting that the decision to permit outreach by EQT to certain additional identified potential co-investors required Board consideration, which had not yet occurred. 
On September 24, 2025, the Company posted the auction draft of the Merger Agreement to the electronic data room. 
That same evening, Mr. Gluski met with Francesco Starace, a Partner at EQT, for dinner. The parties did not engage in substantive discussions regarding the potential transaction. 
On September 29, 2025, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Company management provided a summary of the process thus far, including the background and history of the bids received to date. The Board discussed EQT’s revised Round 1 offer and request to contact certain identified potential co-investors. Representatives of J.P. Morgan noted that the co-investors who EQT was requesting to contact were already engaged in discussions with GIP and discussed with the Board whether granting EQT’s request could adversely impact the process objective of keeping bidders and their financing sources separated in order to preserve bidder competition or impact the ability of GIP and Party D, who were substantially further advanced given their earlier entry into the process, to secure financing sources and finalize their bids. Representatives from Skadden summarized the Board’s fiduciary duties and reminded the Board that it retains discretion over how the transaction process is conducted as part of its business judgment. After further discussion, the Board considered EQT’s proposal and the potential impact of EQT’s request on the competitiveness of the transaction process and unanimously decided it was in the best interest of the Company not to permit EQT to speak to certain additional identified potential co-investors, who were already engaged in extensive discussions with GIP at such time, but would permit EQT to contact other potential co-investors. 
On September 30, 2025, an article was published in 
The Financial Times
 indicating that GIP was in advanced-stage talks regarding an acquisition of AES valued at an enterprise value around $38 billion. The article stated that GIP was poised to agree to acquire AES within the coming days. Neither AES nor GIP commented on the article. The next trading day after such publication, October 1, 2025, the closing trading price of shares of Company Common Stock was $15.37 per share, a 16.8% increase from the closing price on September 30, 2025 of $13.16 per share. 
On October 1, 2025, J.P. Morgan provided the Board with a memorandum disclosing J.P. Morgan’s relationships with the Company and potential counterparties to the proposed transaction, GIP (including BlackRock, Inc., owner of GIP), EQT and Party D. 
On October 2, 2025, a representative from the Company responded to EQT reiterating the Board’s focus on maximizing stockholder value and provided that the Company would permit EQT to contact other potential co-investors in connection with the potential transaction (other than those already engaged with GIP). 
On October 3, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan presented to the Board preliminary and illustrative financial analyses of the Company and a review of strategic planning considerations regarding the potential sale of the Company’s U.S. utilities. 
On October 6, 2025, the Company provided a Round 2 process letter to GIP and EQT, outlining the instructions for submission of a markup of the Merger Agreement due on October 20, 2025 and a final non-binding proposal due on November 6, 2025. 
On October 7, 2025, Party D was provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. 
32

TABLE OF CONTENTS
That same day, EQT communicated to representatives of the Company that it would be withdrawing from the process given it was not permitted to reach out to the additional identified potential co-investors, which would be required in order for EQT to submit a final proposal that conformed to the requirements set forth in the Round 2 process letter. 
On October 9 and 10, 2025, the Board held regularly scheduled meetings at the offices of Skadden in Washington, D.C., attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. At the October 9, 2025 meeting, representatives of Company management and J.P. Morgan provided an update on the transaction process, including the communication the Company received that EQT withdrew from the process. Representatives from Skadden provided the Board with a summary of the material terms of the initial auction draft of the Merger Agreement. Members of Company management presented an overview of the Company’s standalone plan prepared by Company management to the Board in the event the Company did not pursue a take-private transaction, including potential actions to strengthen the balance sheet, redesign the AES renewables business model, and accelerate portfolio changes. See the section entitled “
The Proposed Merger— Forward-Looking Financial Information
” beginning on page 
61
 for more information. At the October 10, 2025 meeting, representatives from Skadden provided the Board with a summary of the material terms of the initial auction draft of the Merger Agreement and an overview of the J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo customary relationship disclosure to the Board. Based on its review, the Board concluded that none of the matters set forth in the disclosure letters would limit each of J.P. Morgan’s and Wells Fargo’s ability to fulfill their respective responsibilities as financial advisors to the Company. The Board discussed the proposed transaction process and possible strategic alternatives, and determined to schedule a Board meeting for November to discuss standalone financial plans for the Company. 
On October 24, 2025, Kirkland and Ellis LLP (“
Kirkland
”), counsel to GIP, submitted a revised draft of the Merger Agreement on behalf of GIP and Party D, to Skadden. 
On November 1, 2025, after reviewing the markup of the Merger Agreement submitted by GIP and Party D on October 24, 2025, at the Company’s direction, Skadden sent a response letter to Kirkland identifying key issues in the agreement markup, which included, among other things, comments regarding financing matters, regulatory matters and the covenants applicable to the operation of the business between signing and closing. 
On November 3, 2025, GIP indicated to representatives of J.P. Morgan that it would not be in a position to submit a final offer on November 6, 2025 as (i) timing for its final investment committee meeting had been rescheduled to the week of November 10, 2025; (ii) GIP’s proposed co-investors would not have final investment committee meetings until the week of November 21, 2025 and (iii) GIP’s principal co-investor, Party D, had unexpectedly withdrawn from the transaction because it was no longer able to support a transactable value, leaving an equity funding shortfall. On November 4, 2025, certain representatives of Party G, a large infrastructure investor, reached out to representatives of J.P. Morgan to inquire about a potential transaction with the Company. 
In light of Party D’s withdrawal, GIP and the Company discussed two potential non-exclusive solutions to address the equity shortfall: (i) strive to satisfy the equity shortfall by seeking to have its existing co-investors increase their commitments and/or (ii) subject to AES’ consent, engage with another bidder, EQT, as a potential partner to acquire AES. 
On November 6, 2025, Party G’s representatives verbally communicated to representatives of J.P. Morgan that they were interested in exploring a transaction at a price of approximately $15.00 per share of Company Common Stock. 
On November 7, 2025, Mr. Gluski updated the Board via email regarding the potential transaction process and estimated timeline for when the Company may receive a final bid from GIP in light of Party D’s withdrawal from the process. 
Also on November 7, 2025, representatives of each of Party A and EQT reached out to representatives of the Company requesting permission to discuss the potential transaction in partnership with another bidder. After further discussions between AES and its advisors and with representatives of GIP, the Company agreed and communicated to GIP that GIP could reach out to EQT and Party A, as well as Party F, to discuss partnering with such parties in an attempt to address the equity funding shortfall, in conjunction with GIP’s discussions with its existing potential co-investors regarding increasing their commitments. During such discussions, GIP indicated to the Company that it expected to provide a non-binding valuation indication and a further markup of the Merger Agreement following GIP’s investment committee meeting scheduled for November 14, 2025. 
33

TABLE OF CONTENTS
That same day, certain representatives of Party G reached out to Mr. Abramson at AES further inquiring about the process and requesting to be involved. 
On November 8, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan and EQT had a meeting in which representatives of J.P. Morgan provided verbal permission for EQT to partner with GIP, consistent with the Company’s communications with GIP. 
On November 9, 2025, EQT requested approval from the Company to share confidential information with GIP, which was acknowledged by representatives of the Company and J.P. Morgan.
On November 11, 2025, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Wells Fargo to provide a fairness opinion as a financial advisor in connection with the Company’s consideration of a potential transaction process. 
On November 12, 2025, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by certain senior members of Company management and representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan. AES management and representatives from J.P. Morgan provided an update to the Board on the transaction process to date and briefed the Board on key developments, the submission and progression of non-binding offers and the evolving composition of interested parties, including developments with respect to GIP’s delayed bid and anticipated equity funding shortfall and an update on potential partnerships and co-investors working with GIP. Representatives of Company management presented on the Company’s standalone plan prepared by Company management. Representatives of J.P. Morgan presented an updated preliminary and illustrative financial analysis of the Company. Representatives of Company management emphasized that AES’ strategic direction continued to be shaped by three core structural challenges: high leverage relative to peers, capital intensity with back-ended cash returns for certain U.S. renewable projects, and a portfolio mix that lacked direct comparables in the market. The Board considered and discussed the benefits and risks associated with the standalone plan. Representatives from Skadden presented on key issues in the October 24, 2025 initial markup of the Merger Agreement submitted on behalf of GIP, which included, among other things, certain financing items and termination fee triggers and amounts. The Board considered the updated valuations and possible options available to the Company and expressed its support with continuing to pursue the potential take-private transaction with GIP and the other potential counterparties. 
On November 13, 2025, senior members of Company management discussed the outreach from Party G with representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Discussions considered timing considerations and the advanced stages of the Round 2 process, Party G’s financial capabilities and expertise, diligence capabilities (including the Company’s ability to onboard and manage another diligence process), Party G’s relationship with Party A, the likelihood that Party G may request to engage some of the co-investors already engaged in the process and overall execution risk. After further discussion, Company management decided to further evaluate the execution potential of the current parties in the process and better understand Party G’s financial capabilities before permitting Party G to enter the process. 
On November 24, 2025, Mr. Gluski received a call from Mr. Ogunlesi at GIP indicating GIP’s verbal offer to acquire the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock for $14.25 per share, inclusive of dividend payments in 2026 and the interim period before Closing. GIP indicated that the price per share had decreased from GIP’s earlier indications of interest provided, in part due to changes in certain tax assumptions and renewables operating performance. 
On November 26, 2025, members of senior management of GIP had a diligence call with representatives from J.P. Morgan to discuss GIP’s bid and its valuation of the Company. Representatives of J.P. Morgan conveyed that GIP would need to provide a full written offer to be considered and that Mr. Gluski expected that the Board would require a higher price for a transaction. Representatives of J.P. Morgan also conveyed that the Company would engage with and assist GIP to identify incremental value and obtain a higher valuation. 
On December 1, 2025, representatives of J.P. Morgan spoke with representatives of Party G regarding the potential transaction. 
That same day, representatives of J.P. Morgan also had a call with Mr. Bram to reiterate the Company’s expectation of a higher per share price offer, along with the request for a final revised draft markup of the Merger Agreement and a full, written final bid. 
On December 4, 2025, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by members of senior management of the Company and representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Members of Company management provided an update on the transaction process and key developments, including that GIP was currently finalizing its internal 
34

TABLE OF CONTENTS
investment committee process to formally submit an offer and that in telephonic communications with Mr. Gluski, GIP indicated that they intended to offer $14.25 per share in the proposed transaction. Company management stated that the Company had responded to GIP’s verbal price indication, noting that it was insufficient and requested that GIP work further on their valuation of the Company to increase the value of their offer prior to submitting a formal bid. Company management also identified several areas of ongoing diligence which could result in a higher valuation. Company management and representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed with the Board the status of GIP’s funding for a proposed transaction and the possibility of GIP partnering with additional potential co-investors, including alongside EQT as co-leaders of an investor consortium. Company management and representatives of J.P. Morgan addressed questions from the Board in connection with GIP’s funding capabilities, its limited partners’ involvement, and potential co-investors along with related timelines, as well as the dynamics of alternative funding scenarios. Representatives of Skadden provided a refresher of the October 24, 2025 Merger Agreement markup submitted by Kirkland on behalf of GIP and the status of the Company’s initial feedback on the draft given the ongoing commercial discussions. Representatives from J.P. Morgan then discussed transaction timing and next steps regarding negotiations with interested parties. The Board agreed to tentatively schedule several Board meetings in the upcoming weeks to continue discussing the progress of the proposed transaction, continue Board deliberations, and consider any potential final bid. 
Over the next few days, representatives of the Company and J.P. Morgan held calls with representatives of each of GIP and EQT to provide additional details on the business in support of a higher price. 
On December 11, 2025, Party G executed a confidentiality agreement with the Company, which contained customary terms, including a standstill provision (which standstill would expire upon the Company’s entry into a definitive agreement for a sale of the Company). Following execution, Party G was provided access to an electronic data room containing certain information about the Company. Notwithstanding Party G’s lack of a written offer at higher value, coupled with the likelihood that Party G may request to engage some of the same potential co-investors already engaged in the process and the relatively early stage of Party G’s diligence in comparison to the extensive diligence conducted by GIP and EQT over several months, the Company decided to permit Party G to enter the process only in the event that the existing bidders withdrew or needed additional sources of equity funding. 
On December 15, 2025, Wells Fargo provided the Board with a memorandum disclosing Wells Fargo’s material business relationships with the Company and potential counterparties to the proposed transaction, GIP (including BlackRock, Inc., owner of GIP), and EQT.
On December 19, 2025, Mr. Gluski received a call from Mr. Ogunlesi during which Mr. Ogunlesi communicated a verbal offer on behalf of GIP and EQT to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at an increased price of $14.75 per share as a result of the Company’s feedback with respect to the valuation items identified in GIP’s prior verbal offer, noting that GIP and EQT were still working to finalize their financing plan with various co-investors and planned to provide a final offer in the coming weeks. 
On December 23, 2025, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by members of senior management of the Company and representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Representatives of J.P. Morgan provided an update on the potential transaction process and summarized GIP’s and EQT’s capital sourcing strategy status, outlining the parallel paths that GIP and EQT were working on to create alternative paths to secure the necessary equity funding: (1) expanding existing co-investment commitments from certain co-investors and (2) reengaging Party A, a party previously interested in the proposed transaction. The Board was informed that a final offer was expected from a consortium co-led by GIP and EQT in the near term and that GIP and EQT had indicated a desire to move expeditiously in the upcoming weeks. Representatives of J.P. Morgan and Company management then discussed updates to the potential transaction timing and addressed questions from the Board regarding (1) the adjusted timeline for a firm offer, investment committee timing for several parties involved and EQT’s internal approval process and (2) capital allocation and sources and the status of GIP’s and EQT’s diligence process. Members of Company management also discussed the Company’s commitment to the sales process and simultaneous actions being taken to prepare and execute on a standalone plan if the Board decided not to continue pursuing the potential transaction or if a final, written binding offer was not ultimately received. Representatives from J.P. Morgan and Mr. Gluski noted that GIP and EQT appeared to remain very interested in pursuing the potential transaction and had deployed considerable resources and incurred significant expenses to date and that delivery of a written offer was expected in the near term. A representative from J.P. Morgan also addressed questions from the Board regarding GIP’s and EQT’s offer price and prior leaks to the market about a potential transaction. 
35

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Over the next few weeks, representatives from GIP and EQT and their advisors continued to conduct due diligence on the Company, and from time to time, held calls among certain of the Company’s subject matter experts. 
On January 9, 2026, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by members of senior management of the Company and representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Mr. Gluski provided an update to the Board on the potential transaction process and the timing of a revised offer from the GIP and EQT consortium. Mr. Gluski and members of Company management reported that representatives of GIP had confirmed that GIP would partner with EQT in connection with submitting its final offer and mentioned that both GIP and EQT continued to work on governance and related matters with respect to their investor consortium and increasing additional co-investor funding commitments. Company management also provided the Board a summary of the Company’s 2025 performance and preliminary scorecard results and an update on the Company’s standalone plan in the event the proposed transaction did not proceed. Company management addressed questions from the Board regarding the Company’s intrinsic value given recent changes in sector dynamics, the impact of higher interest rates, sentiment in the renewable-market, affordability pressures across the energy sector, and the Company’s capital-intensive growth characteristic and how to address the Company’s capital needs. The Board discussed various considerations around the potential transaction and market consequences of alternative capital plan announcements. Representatives of Company management also outlined potential alternatives then under review as part of the Company’s standalone plan, including considering changes to the Company’s dividend policy, targeted deleveraging actions in the Company’s renewables business, higher project return thresholds, increased prioritization of near-term cash-yielding investments, and selective strategic initiatives in both the Company’s renewables and utilities businesses. Representatives of Company management noted that, while AES remained well positioned for long-term growth, structural challenges, including high consolidated leverage, the capital intensity and back-ended returns of the Company’s U.S. renewables business, and a portfolio mix less aligned with public-market peers, indicated that certain measures should be considered to support the business in the long term. A discussion followed and Company management addressed questions from the Board regarding various considerations around equity issuances, the potential impact on the Company’s stock price and market consequences of alternative capital plan announcements, and the potential investor response. 
On January 20, 2026, the consortium co-led by GIP and EQT, including CalPERS and QIA, submitted a written proposal to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock for $14.75 per share in cash, along with a revised draft of the Merger Agreement. 
Later that day, representatives of Company management, Skadden and J.P. Morgan held a call to discuss the revised written proposal. Representatives of Company management indicated the Company’s expectation of a higher price per share. The following day, representatives of Company management also provided an update via email to the Board regarding receipt of the proposal. 
On January 21, 2026, representatives of J.P. Morgan had a call with representatives of GIP and EQT to communicate the Company’s expectation of a higher price. 
Over the next week, representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed valuation with representatives of GIP and EQT. 
On January 22, 2026, Mr. Gluski and Mr. Ogunlesi met while attending the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland to discuss the revised proposal. Mr. Gluski indicated the Company’s expectation of a higher price. 
During the week of January 26, 2026, representatives of Company management had a call with representatives of GIP and EQT to discuss and provide certain feedback on the revised Merger Agreement draft, including discussions on the termination fee provisions and the proposed ratings downgrade concept. 
On January 28, 2026, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by members of senior management of the Company and representatives from J.P. Morgan and Skadden. Representatives of J.P. Morgan provided an overview of the offer the Company received from GIP and EQT on January 20, 2026. The offer was presented as part of a fully-financed proposal to acquire AES for a price of $14.75 per share and included an offer letter, a revised draft of the Merger Agreement, forms of equity commitment letters, and debt financing commitments intended to backstop certain existing indebtedness of the Company with change of control provisions that could potentially be triggered by a transaction. The proposal was not subject to additional due diligence apart from limited confirmatory items. Representatives of Skadden provided an overview of the latest Merger Agreement draft received, including an overview of the termination fee provisions and the proposed implications in the event of a ratings downgrade, and discussed accompanying comments from GIP and EQT. Representatives from J.P. Morgan, together with members of Company management, discussed that the immediate priority before moving forward with a decision on whether to continue or 
36

TABLE OF CONTENTS
not with the proposed transaction was to resolve principal open items and key terms, including seeking an increase in the per share price. Representatives from J.P. Morgan, Skadden and Company management addressed questions from the Board in connection with negotiation of the proposed transaction, timing considerations for finance-related actions and disclosure planning under alternative outcomes and recent market developments, including movement in the Company’s stock price. After further discussion, the Board authorized Mr. Gluski and Company management to continue engagement with GIP and EQT. 
After close of markets on February 2, 2026, 
Bloomberg 
published an article reporting that the Company was discussing a potential transaction with GIP and EQT and indicated that an agreement could be reached “as soon as the coming weeks.” AES, GIP and EQT declined to comment on the article. The next trading day after such publication, February 3, 2026, the closing trading price of shares of Company Common Stock was $16.09 per share, an increase of 9.23% from the closing price on February 2, 2026 of $14.73 per share. 
On February 5, 2026, the consortium co-led by GIP and EQT, including CalPERS and QIA, submitted a revised final proposal to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock for $15.00 per share. 
On February 7, 2026, Skadden, on behalf of the Company, sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Kirkland, on behalf of the GIP and EQT consortium. 
Also on February 7, 2026, the parties agreed to meet in person in New York the following week to continue negotiations and attempt to resolve outstanding issues in the Merger Agreement and related documentation, including with respect to regulatory matters, various interim operating matters and termination fee matters. 
In the afternoon of February 10, 2026, Kirkland, on behalf of the GIP and EQT consortium, sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Skadden, on behalf of the Company. 
On February 11 and 12, 2026, members of management of the Company and representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan met in New York City with members of management of GIP and EQT and the consortium’s legal advisors from Kirkland to discuss and negotiate the remaining open items in the Merger Agreement. The parties discussed financing terms and mechanics, including, among other things, the Company’s ability to incur indebtedness and pay dividends between signing and closing, employee benefit and compensation matters and certain regulatory approvals and their status as closing conditions to the Merger. 
Over the following weeks, Skadden and Kirkland exchanged revised drafts of the Company disclosure schedules, equity commitment letters and debt commitment letter, as well as other ancillary transaction documents. 
On February 15, 2026, Skadden, on behalf of the Company, sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Kirkland, on behalf of the GIP and EQT consortium. 
On February 17 and 18, 2026, members of management of the Company and members of management of GIP and EQT met virtually alongside the consortium’s legal and financial advisors in a series of meetings to discuss open items in the Merger Agreement and to discuss any outstanding issues. 
In the evening of February 19, 2026, Kirkland, on behalf of the GIP and EQT consortium, sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Skadden, on behalf of the Company. 
On February 19 and 20, 2026, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden and J.P. Morgan. Prior to the Board meeting, the February 15th draft of the Merger Agreement and slides summarizing the key terms of the Merger Agreement were made available to the directors. At a dinner in connection with the meeting, Mr. Gluski updated the Board on the latest $15.00 per share offer the Company received from the GIP and EQT consortium. At the February 19 meeting, representatives of senior management of the Company discussed with the Board the Company’s structural challenges and long-term considerations, which included growth funding and balance sheet challenges the Company would face beyond the current guidance period, including an eventual leveling off of parent free cash flow and a substantial need for growth capital in excess of available capital from parent free cash flow. Representatives of senior management of the Company also discussed various strategic alternatives under evaluation by Company management to enhance shareholder value and support the Company’s long-term financial objectives, including investor communication considerations as well as potential execution risks relating to remaining as a public company, such as (1) a drop in share price from a dividend cut or equity raise, (2) potential further actions by the U.S. government to restrict renewables development, (3) ability to maintain a leading position with big tech customers, a major source of demand (4) a portfolio mix that remained unattractive to public investors, and (5) increasing U.S. utility regulatory risk due to increasing affordability concerns. 
37

TABLE OF CONTENTS
At the February 20 meeting, representatives of Skadden provided an update on the negotiations to date and indicated to the Board that considerable progress had been made in advancing the Merger Agreement. Representatives of Skadden also reminded the Board of their fiduciary duties and reviewed a summary of the near-final terms of the Merger Agreement with the Board. Representatives of J.P. Morgan presented on financial considerations for the proposed transaction. A discussion followed and representatives of Skadden and Company management answered questions from the Board on fiduciary duty considerations, approval processes for the transaction, and certain Merger Agreement terms and mechanics, including regulatory approvals and related provisions, termination fees and employee benefit and compensation matters. Representatives of J.P. Morgan answered questions from the Board on financing items. After further discussion, the Board directed management of the Company to continue negotiating the Merger Agreement and related transaction documentation with GIP and EQT and their advisors. 
Between February 20, 2026 and February 24, 2026, representatives of Skadden worked with the Company to revise the Merger Agreement and Company disclosure schedules. 
On February 24, 2026, members of management of the Company along with representatives from Skadden and J.P. Morgan met virtually with members of management of GIP, EQT and the consortium’s legal and financial advisors to discuss possible resolutions to open items in the Merger Agreement, including regulatory matters and terms and mechanics surrounding the Company’s ability to incur indebtedness and pay dividends between signing and closing. Later that evening, Skadden, on behalf of the Company, sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Kirkland, on behalf of the GIP and EQT consortium. 
From February 25, 2026 to February 28, 2026, management of the Company and its financial and legal advisors worked with GIP, EQT and the consortium’s legal advisors to resolve the remaining open issues in the Merger Agreement, the Company’s and Parent’s disclosure letters and other transaction documents, including the equity commitment letters and other ancillary documents, and to exchange final drafts of transaction documents required for signing. 
On February 26, 2026, Wells Fargo provided the Board with a memorandum disclosing Wells Fargo’s material business relationships with the Company and potential counterparties to the proposed transaction, GIP (including BlackRock, Inc., owner of GIP), EQT, QIA and CalPERS.
Prior to market open on February 27, 2026, 
Bloomberg 
and 
Reuters 
published articles indicating that the Company was nearing a deal with GIP and EQT that could be announced as soon as the following week. AES, GIP and EQT declined to comment on the articles. At market close on February 27, 2026, the closing trading price of shares of Company Common Stock was $17.28 per share, a 6.3% increase over the $16.25 per share closing price on February 26, 2026 and a 56% increase over the closing price on July 8, 2025 of $11.07 per share, the last trading day prior to the initial media reports regarding the proposed transaction. 
On February 28, 2026, the Board held a virtual meeting attended by certain members of senior management and representatives of Skadden, J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo to discuss and consider the final terms of the Merger Agreement and related transaction documents. Prior to the meeting, copies of the final Merger Agreement, a summary of the terms of the Merger Agreement and proposed board resolutions were made available to the directors. During the meeting, representatives of Skadden summarized the negotiations that had taken place since the Board’s prior February 20, 2026 meeting and presented on updates to the final Merger Agreement and related transaction documents since the prior meeting. The representatives of J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo each separately reviewed with the Board their financial analyses of the proposed transaction. The Board engaged in a discussion of the benefits and risks of the proposed transaction, as well as the Company’s prospects on a standalone basis. 
The following day, March 1, 2026, the Board held a virtual meeting to vote on the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby. Representatives from Skadden presented a summary of the proposed board resolutions and provided a refresher to the Board of their fiduciary duties in the context of the proposed transaction. Representatives from J.P. Morgan rendered J.P. Morgan’s oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of its written opinion, dated March 1, 2026, to the Board that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by J.P. Morgan in preparing its opinion, the Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders of Company Common Stock in the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Wells Fargo also rendered to the Board Wells Fargo’s oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of its a written opinion to the Board, dated March 1, 2026, to the effect that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review 
38

TABLE OF CONTENTS
undertaken by Wells Fargo in preparing the opinion, the Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders of Company Common Stock in the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Drafts of the written opinions of J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo were made available to the directors prior to the meeting. 
After further discussion and considering a variety of factors, including the items discussed in the section entitled “—
Recommendation of the Company’s Board and its Reasons for the Merger
” beginning on page 
38
, the Board unanimously determined that the Merger is fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby, and unanimously resolved that the Merger Agreement be submitted for consideration by the holders of Company Common Stock at a special meeting of stockholders, and recommended that such stockholders of AES vote to approve the Merger Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby. 
Thereafter, in the afternoon of March 1, 2026, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub signed the Merger Agreement. 
On March 2, 2026, the Company, GIP and EQT issued a joint press release before the market opened announcing the entry into the Merger Agreement. 
Recommendation of the Company’s Board and its Reasons for the Merger 
The Board has reviewed and considered the terms of the Merger and the Merger Agreement and has unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders and unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote
 FOR 
the Merger Proposal. The Board also unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote
 FOR 
the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal and
 FOR 
any Special Meeting Adjournment Proposal, if presented. 
In evaluating the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Board consulted with the Company’s management team, as well as the Company’s outside legal and financial advisors, and considered a number of factors. In reaching a determination to approve, adopt and authorize the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, the Board considered a number of factors, both positive and negative, and potential benefits and detriments of the Merger to the Company and our stockholders. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Board in connection with its evaluation of the Merger, the Board did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. Moreover, each member of the Board applied each member’s own personal business judgment to the process and may have given different weight to different factors. The Board did not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any factor, or any particular aspect of any factor, supported or did not support its ultimate determination that, overall, the potential benefits of the Merger to our stockholders outweigh the risks and uncertainties associated with the Merger or remaining a standalone publicly traded company. The following factors considered by the Board are not intended to be exhaustive, but the Company believes this summary includes all material factors considered by the Board: 
Merger Consideration; Significant Premium over Unaffected Share Price
. The Board considered that the all-cash Merger Consideration will provide our stockholders with immediate value, in cash, for their shares of Company Common Stock, while avoiding the long-term business risk of retaining their shares of Company Common Stock, and while also providing such stockholders with certainty of value for their shares of Company Common Stock if the Merger is completed. The Board considered our historical stock prices, including that the Merger Consideration represented a premium of approximately 40.3% relative to the 30-day volume weighted average closing price for shares of Company Common Stock prior to July 8, 2025 (the last full trading day prior to the initial publication of market rumors regarding a potential acquisition of the Company). The Board believed that this value was more favorable to holders of Company Common Stock than the value to them if the Company remained an independent public company considering the likelihood that the price of Company Common Stock prior to the announcement of the Transaction already included a merger premium given various media articles and market rumors regarding a possible business combination transaction involving the Company that emerged beginning on and around July 8, 2025, and the possibility that if the Company remained a publicly owned corporation, in the event of a decline in the trading price of Company Common Stock or the stock market in general, the price that might be received by holders of Company Common Stock in the open market or in a future transaction might be less than the Merger Consideration of $15.00 per share in cash to be paid pursuant to the Merger. The Board also considered the fact that the public markets had not historically fully valued the Company’s development pipeline and diversified mix of domestic and international assets. 
Business and Financial Considerations; Impending Challenges
. The Board considered our current and historical financial condition, results of operations and businesses of the Company, the Company’s financial plan and prospects 
39

TABLE OF CONTENTS
if it were to remain an independent company, the risks associated with achieving and executing upon the Company’s standalone plan, and the other risks disclosed under “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K. The Board further considered certain long-term financial projections for the Company prepared by members of the Company’s management, which reflect an application of various assumptions of management, as further discussed in the section entitled “
The Proposed Merger
—
Forward-Looking Financial Information
” beginning on page 
61
. The Board considered the expected financial impact of the Merger on the Company and our stockholders. 
The Board also considered the risks of remaining as a standalone publicly traded company, including any risks of execution on the plan and achieving such financial projections, and considered general industry and macroeconomic challenges and political and market risks. The Board considered the Company’s significant need to raise equity capital to support its growth after 2027, including the expectation that, absent the Merger, the Company would be required to reduce and/or eliminate the payment of quarterly cash dividends and/or issue significant new equity to fund a need of approximately $2 billion from 2026 to 2030. The Board considered that the trading price of the Company’s stock did not fully reflect the effects of such matters given that the Company had not issued guidance beyond 2027. The Board also considered the challenges resulting from certain core structural matters as a public company, including high leverage relative to peers, intensive upfront capital investments with back-ended cash returns for certain U.S. renewable projects, the Company’s financial complexity as well as a portfolio mix that lacks direct comparables in the market, including due to having significant assets in international emerging markets. These challenges make it difficult for public investors to give appropriate value to the Company’s individual segments or to the Company as a whole. The all-cash consideration enables the holders of Company Common Stock to avoid the long-term business risk of retaining their shares of Company Common Stock. 
Consideration of Alternatives
. The Board considered the extensive work of the Company and its advisors in evaluating the range of strategic alternatives available to us, including the prospects for the Company continuing to operate as a standalone public entity and the possibility of divesting certain significant assets, entering into various partnership arrangements, reducing or eliminating the Company’s quarterly dividend and/or issuing substantial additional equity to fund the standalone business plan. The Board also considered that many of these actions, such as the possibility of issuing additional indebtedness or undertaking significant divestitures to fund the Company’s growth, would potentially result in the loss of the Company’s investment grade credit ratings or, in the case of divestitures, would require sale proceeds be used to pay down indebtedness if the investment grade ratings were to be maintained. The Board further considered the critical role and competitive advantages of maintaining its investment grade credit ratings with respect to financing and hedging as well as relationships with customers and suppliers. In addition, the Board took into account the trends and competitive developments in the sectors and geographic locations in which the Company has operations. 
Recommendation of Management
. The Board took into account the recommendation of our management in favor of the Merger, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. In taking that recommendation into account, the Board considered that certain members of management had certain interests, including financial interests, in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of our stockholders generally. See the section entitled “
Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger
” beginning on page 
6
 for more information. 
Process
. The Board considered the limited number of potential buyers with sufficient available capital and operational expertise to credibly pursue a transaction with the Company given the Company’s size and the financial, operational and geographic complexity of the Company’s business. The Board, after consultation with the Company’s financial advisors, decided to focus outreach on selected infrastructure and pension funds because the Board believed such parties would be the most likely to have the financial resources to fund a transaction and to have the sophistication and experience to evaluate and manage the Company’s complex global portfolio, including multiple businesses with a variety of technologies, different partners and substantial debt. The Board conducted a thorough review over an extended period of time of a potential sale of the Company together with other strategic alternatives. The Board considered that a number of sophisticated potential counterparties participated in the robust transaction process and did not proceed to submit a final offer, including parties that indicated they were unable to support a valuation that was equivalent to, or would be competitive with, the Merger Consideration. In addition, the Board considered the course and history of the arm’s-length negotiations with the Consortium conducted by the Company and our advisors at the direction of the Board. As a result, the Board concluded that the consideration and terms reflected in the Merger Agreement (including the Merger Consideration) was the best transaction that could be obtained by the Company on behalf of its stockholders from the Consortium at the time and that there was no assurance that a more favorable 
40

TABLE OF CONTENTS
opportunity to sell the Company would arise later or through any alternative transaction. The Board also considered the fact that the Company had not received any other competitive proposals, despite media speculation over the course of several months beginning in July 2025 that the Company was exploring a potential sale.