The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and events that led to the signing of the Merger Agreement. The following chronology does not purport to catalogue every conversation and correspondence among representatives of the Company, potential buyers and their respective affiliates or advisors. All dates and times referred to in the following chronology are Eastern Time unless otherwise indicated. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Board and Company management regularly evaluate a range of financial and strategic opportunities aimed at enhancing stockholder value. In connection with these evaluations, the Board and Company management have regularly considered strategies for enhancing stockholder value, such as raising capital, potential acquisitions or other investments in health care real estate assets, disposing of certain Company assets and exploring other transactions that could complement or expand the Company’s operations on a stand-alone basis or otherwise. The Company also routinely engages in ordinary course discussions with significant investors and market participants concerning publicly available information about the Company, including the Company’s business and future.
On December 2, 2025, the Board held a meeting to discuss the Company’s long-term strategy, with a representative of Hogan Lovells US LLP, the Company’s outside corporate counsel (“Hogan Lovells”), attending. At this meeting, Michael A. Seton, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reviewed the challenges the Company had faced since listing its shares, reviewed a range of opportunities for enhancing stockholder value, and then recommended the Company explore strategic options (including, among other things, the sale of the Company) and engaging a financial advisor to assist with exploring strategic options. The Board discussed the current and prospective environment in which the Company operates, including business, market and operating conditions, the challenges facing the Company given its lack of scale, small public float and persistent trading discount compared to peers and the estimated value of the Company’s assets, and the potential benefits and detriments of exploring a strategic transaction. Following this discussion, the Board agreed with Mr. Seton’s recommendation that the Company should engage a financial advisor in connection with exploring strategic alternatives for the Company. The Board also discussed potential financial advisors and engagement terms and, based on Mr. Seton’s recommendation, authorized Mr. Seton to engage BofA Securities Inc.’s (“BofA Securities”) as the Company’s financial advisor based on its experience with similar transactions, its reputation in the investment community and its familiarity with the Company and its business.
Following this meeting, on December 22, 2025, the Company engaged BofA Securities to assist in its review of strategic alternatives available to the Company. 
On January 13, 2026, Mr. Seton received a call from representatives of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (“Citi”) seeking to arrange a discussion between representatives of an affiliate of Parent (“Blue Owl”) and the Company as an informal introduction between the Company and Blue Owl, each of which invests in net lease real estate assets. Mr. Seton informed Citi that the Company could not have a discussion with Blue Owl at that time. There were no discussions regarding the potential terms of a transaction at that time.
On January 15, 2026, the Board held a meeting with representatives of the Company’s management, with representatives of BofA Securities and Hogan Lovells attending. At this meeting, representatives of BofA Securities presented to the Board regarding the market trends for companies comparable to the Company, the position of the Company within the broader market, the favorable environment for take private transactions involving REITs of a comparable size, as well as certain preliminary valuation perspectives. Representatives of Hogan Lovells provided an overview of the directors’ fiduciary duties owed to the Company’s stockholders under Maryland law. Shortly after the Board meeting concluded, an executive session of the Board was held. The Board discussed strategic alternatives to maximize value for the Company stockholders, including the benefits and risks of a potential sale of the Company’s assets and the potential sale of the Company as a going concern. In light of the adverse impacts of the Company’s lack of scale, including on tenant and property diversification, cash flow volatility, and cost of capital, the challenges the Company faced with respect to internal and external future earnings growth, the adverse impacts of the Company’s limited share float, the fact the Company’s shares had persistently traded at a discount to peers and the estimated value 
26

TABLE OF CONTENTS
of the Company’s net asset value, and the favorable market outlook for take private transactions of comparable REITs, the Board authorized Company management to proceed with, and instructed Company management to direct BofA Securities to engage in and conduct, a robust and wide marketing process for the potential sale of the Company. 
On January 20, 2026, BofA Securities began contacting various third parties, including REITs, strategic real estate companies and financial sponsors, to gauge interest in a potential transaction involving the Company. Between January 20, 2026 and mid-March 2026, BofA Securities contacted 81 potentially interested third-party buyers. BofA Securities shared the form of nondisclosure agreement with each potential buyer that expressed an interest in receiving more information regarding a potential transaction with the Company, which non-disclosure agreement contained, among other provisions, a standstill provision, an employee non-solicitation provision, and a 24-month term. From January 20, 2026 through March 13, 2026, the Company negotiated nondisclosure agreements with approximately 43 third parties and entered into nondisclosure agreements with 31 third parties. Each party that executed a nondisclosure agreement with the Company was given access to certain diligence materials in a confidential virtual data room (the “Round I Data Room”).
Between February 3, 2026 and April 19, 2026, the Company and the various potential bidders exchanged due diligence questions and responses through their respective representatives. 
On February 17, 2026, the Company provided instructions in the Round I Data Room regarding the submission of preliminary proposals for the proposed sale of the Company. The deadline for submission of preliminary proposals was March 11, 2026. 
On March 6, 2026, Party A requested permission to work with Party B. Later in the day on March 6, 2026, the Company consented for Party A and Party B to become co-bidders (collectively, “Consortium A”). 
On March 11, 2026, the Company received preliminary indications of interest from Blue Owl, Consortium A, Party C, Party D, Party E and Party F.
Blue Owl submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $28.50 per share in cash (the “Blue Owl Proposal”). 
Consortium A submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $30.25 per share in cash (the “Consortium A Proposal”). 
Party C submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $29.00 per share in the common stock of Party C, expressing an openness to paying a combination of stock and cash as consideration (the “Party C Proposal”).
Party D submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $29.98 per share in cash (the “Party D Proposal”). 
Party E submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $28.20 per share in cash (the “Party E Proposal”). After submitting their written preliminary indication of interest, Party E conveyed orally to BofA Securities that they would be amenable to increase the purchase price from $28.20 in their bid letter to $28.60. 
Party F submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $25.50 to $26.50 per share in cash (the “Party F Proposal”). 
As of the date of the Blue Owl Proposal, the Consortium A Proposal, the Party C Proposal, the Party D Proposal, the Party E Proposal, and the Party F Proposal, the closing share price of the Company Common Stock was $25.03.
On March 12, 2026, the Company received a preliminary indication of interest from Party G. Party G submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $29.00 per share in cash (the “Party G Proposal”). As of the date of the Party G Proposal, the closing share price of Company Common Stock was $24.90.
On March 13, 2026, the Company received a preliminary indication of interest from Party H and a revised preliminary indication of interest from Party D. 
Party H submitted a preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price range of $27.00 to $28.50 per share in cash (the “Party H Proposal”). 
27

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Party D submitted a revised preliminary indication of interest for an acquisition of all the outstanding Company Common Stock for a purchase price of $29.94 per share in cash (the “Revised Party D Proposal” and, together with the Blue Owl Proposal, the Consortium A Proposal, the Party C Proposal, the Party E Proposal, the Party F Proposal, the Party G Proposal and the Party H Proposal, the “Preliminary Proposals”). All other material terms of the Revised Party D Proposal aligned with the Original Party D Proposal.
As of the date of the Party H Proposal and the Revised Party D Proposal, the closing share price of Company Common Stock was $24.53.
In addition, between March 9, 2026 and March 16, 2026, the Company received preliminary indications of interest from four additional bidders that submitted proposals to acquire a portion of the Company’s assets, which proposals did not conform to the Company’s February 17, 2026 instructions to bidders to provide a proposed per share purchase price for the acquisition of the Company.
On March 16, 2026, the Board held a meeting with representatives of Company management, BofA Securities and Hogan Lovells attending. During this meeting, the Board discussed with Company management and its advisors the terms of the Preliminary Proposals, certain preliminary financial analyses related thereto prepared by BofA Securities at the direction of the Company, the potential strategic alternatives available to the Company (including continuing as a stand-alone company or engaging in a sale of assets) and the potential benefits and drawbacks of each of the Preliminary Proposals. BofA Securities noted that two other parties may also submit preliminary indications of interest for the acquisition of all the Company’s outstanding common stock, but such indications were never received. Following these discussions, with the Board’s approval, Mr. Seton instructed BofA Securities to provide additional diligence materials in a confidential virtual data room (the “Round II Data Room”) to each of Blue Owl, Consortium A, Party C, Party D, Party E and Party G and their respective representatives. Party F and Party H did not advance to Round II of the sale process because the terms of their proposals were determined by the Board to be less favorable to the Company’s stockholders. 
On March 16, 2026, in connection with inviting Party C into Round II of the process, representatives of BofA Securities relayed to Party C’s financial advisor that there was a preference on behalf of the Company for cash consideration. Party C’s financial advisor indicated that Party C was indifferent to the form of consideration.
Later on March 16, 2026, in connection with inviting Blue Owl into Round II of the process, representatives of BofA Securities advised Blue Owl that it provided the lowest Round I bid that was advanced into Round II and indicated that offer price improvement was expected in Round II.
On March 18, 2026, Consortium A requested to contact multiple debt financing sources in connection with a possible transaction. The Company’s advisors, acting on behalf of the Company, gave consent for Consortium A to contact such debt financing sources.
On March 19, 2026, the Company provided drafts (a form for financial buyers and a form for strategic buyers) of the merger agreement to bidders in the Round II Data Room. The version of the merger agreement for financial buyers provided for, among other things, (i) no-shop and “fiduciary out” provisions; (ii) a Company termination fee, providing for a termination fee equal to 3% of the Company’s equity value, payable by the Company in certain instances, including upon termination for a change in recommendation or superior proposal; (iii) a buyer termination fee equal to 10% of the Company’s equity value, payable upon termination by the Company for a material breach by buyer or a failure to close by buyer or termination by buyer at a time when the Company had a right to terminate for the foregoing reasons, with an alternative ability of the Company to seek specific performance so long as the buyer’s debt financing for the transaction was available; (iv) a limited guarantee (if required) from a creditworthy affiliate of the buyer with respect certain financial obligations of buyer; (v) no restriction with respect to the number of dividends that the Company could make prior to the consummation of the transaction; (vi) customary closing conditions; and (vii) a 9-month outside date. The strategic form of the merger agreement contained identical provisions but did not contemplate a buyer termination fee or a guarantee of financial obligations of buyer and did not limit the ability of the Company to seek specific performance if debt financing was unavailable.
On March 24, 2026, the Company provided instructions in the Round II Data Room regarding the submission of definitive, binding proposals and guidelines for any discussion or presentations to Company management. The Company instructed bidders to submit a definitive, binding proposal on April 15, 2026 and strongly suggested that bidders submit any proposed revisions to the merger agreement to Hogan Lovells prior to such bid submission deadline. 
28

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Also on March 24, 2026 and again on March 27, 2026, Consortium A requested permission to contact sources of equity financing and potential co-bidders in connection with making a Round II bid. The Company’s advisors, acting on behalf of the Company, granted consent to each such request.
On March 26, 2026, Party D advised the Company that it was no longer interested in pursuing the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity of the Company but remained interested in the acquisition of a sizable portfolio of the Company’s assets. As a result, Party D requested the ability to become a co-bidder with Party C.
On March 27, 2026, Party C requested permission to work with Party D, indicating Party C was prepared to backstop the bid as a standalone buyer, and expressing a belief that the partnership with Party D would allow Party C to provide the most constructive offer possible.
On March 27, 2026, the Company provided the Company Disclosure Letter and Schedules to the Merger Agreement in the Round II Data Room.
On March 28, 2026, after considering the risk of losing the participation of Party D as part of the sale process and the benefit of aligning two strong potential bidders with interests in different assets of the Company, the Company consented to Party C and Party D becoming co-bidders (Party C and Party D, collectively, “Consortium B”), subject to the agreement by Party C that any joint-bidding arrangements between Party C and Party D would not change the expectation that Party C would be the lead bidder and any proposed transaction would follow the terms of the form of merger agreement for strategic buyers. Party C also agreed that any allocation of the Company’s assets amongst Party C and Party D would not impact the timing or certainty of closing a transaction with the Company. In connection with such discussions, representatives of BofA Securities reiterated the Company’s preference for cash consideration.
Between March 31, 2026 and April 9, 2026, representatives of Consortium A, representatives of BofA Securities and representatives of the Company visited approximately 18 properties of the Company in Oklahoma, Texas, Iowa and New Jersey as a prerequisite to Consortium A obtaining the appropriate internal approvals to submit a final proposal. 
On April 1, 2026, Party E notified the Company that Party E had decided to withdraw from the bidding process due to inability to obtain sufficient equity capital financing. 
On April 7, 2026, the Company held a legal diligence call with Blue Owl. Representatives of the Company, Hogan Lovells and BofA Securities attended on behalf of the Company, and representatives of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, outside legal counsel to Blue Owl (“Kirkland & Ellis”) and Blue Owl attended on behalf of Blue Owl. 
On the same day, Party G indicated that for a variety of reasons, including increased interest rates and wider borrowing spreads since the Round I bid date, it was unlikely to submit a Round II bid.
On April 8, 2026, representatives of outside legal counsel to Consortium A, had a discussion with representatives of Venable LLP, the Company’s outside legal counsel for tax matters (“Venable”), and representatives of Hogan Lovells regarding the tax structuring of a potential acquisition by Consortium A.
On the same day, Mr. Seton, Kay C. Neely, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Miles F. Callahan, SVP Acquisitions, Capital Markets, and Research and Credit, and Jason R. Klein, SVP Asset Management, and BofA Securities met telephonically with representatives of Consortium B and its financial advisor to discuss certain business and financial diligence questions. Representatives of BofA reiterated on the call that there was a preference for cash consideration.
On April 9, 2026, Mr. Seton, Ms. Neely, Mr. Callahan, Mr. Klein, and representatives of BofA Securities met telephonically with representatives of Blue Owl and Citi to discuss certain business and financial diligence questions.
On April 12, 2026, in advance of submitting comments to the Company’s draft merger agreement, representatives of Hogan Lovells and representatives of Kirkland & Ellis met telephonically to discuss certain matters regarding a potential transaction including the structure of a potential transaction and the timing of consummation of a potential transaction.
Early in the morning on April 13, 2026, representatives of Kirkland & Ellis submitted, on behalf of Parent, a revised draft of the financial buyer version of the merger agreement to the Company, which contained the following terms, among others: (i) additional restrictions on the Company’s ability to engage with and respond to alternative potential buyers in order to exercise its “fiduciary out” with respect to alternative acquisition proposals and a superior proposal; (ii) the requirement that the Company deliver to Parent at closing an amendment to its credit facility that would permit the consummation of the merger; (iii) an increase to the Company termination fee to 3.7% of the 
29

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Company’s equity value; (iv) a decrease in the Parent termination fee to 8% of the Company’s equity value, and the addition that such amount would be a cap on Parent’s damages in connection with the merger, including in the event of fraud or willful and knowing breach by Parent; (v) the addition of a cap on enforcement expenses equal to $2 million; (vi) the deletion of the payment of the Parent termination fee in the event that the Company terminates the merger agreement for a material Parent breach; (vii) the potential for a regulatory approval closing condition; (viii) a limitation on the Company’s ability to declare and pay more than one dividend prior to the closing; and (ix) reliance of Parent on cash held by or available to the Company for sufficiency of funds to consummate the merger. Later that morning, representatives of Kirkland & Ellis provided an equity commitment letter and a limited guarantee to the Company and representatives of Hogan Lovells. 
Also on April 13, 2026, Mr. Seton, Ms. Neely, Mr. Callahan, Mr. Klein, Samuel W. Brannan, SVP and Chief Accounting Officer, and representatives of BofA Securities met with representatives of Consortium A and Consortium A’s financial advisor, at the Company’s offices in Tampa, Florida. At this meeting, the parties discussed business and financial due diligence matters. Representatives of Consortium A indicated that Consortium A was continuing to finalize its valuation work and complete its due diligence, and expected to provide a Round II bid on April 20, 2026, after the April 15, 2026 bid deadline. Consortium A also indicated that it would require approximately 30 to 45 days after their bid submission to reach a definitive agreement with the Company. Mr. Seton and representatives of BofA Securities advised such representatives of Consortium A that the Company had a Board meeting scheduled for the morning of April 17, 2026, at which the Board planned to review the offers received. Mr. Seton reiterated the need for Consortium A to submit its bid pricing indication prior to the Board meeting so that Consortium A did not miss the opportunity to have its offer considered by the Board as part of the sale process. Mr. Seton also advised that Consortium A’s anticipated timeline to reach a definitive agreement with the Company was not in line with the Board’s expected timeline for signing a definitive agreement. 
Later in the day on April 13, 2026 representatives of BofA Securities met telephonically with representatives of Consortium B and Consortium B’s financial advisor to discuss certain financial diligence questions. During that call representatives of BofA Securities encouraged Consortium B to improve its offer price in its Round II bid.
In the morning of April 14, 2026, representatives of Hogan Lovells and representatives of Kirkland & Ellis met telephonically to discuss feedback from the Company regarding Parent’s initial markup of the draft merger agreement. Representatives of Hogan Lovells emphasized the desire of the Company to see a draft of the merger agreement that provided less uncertainty for the Company with respect to Parent’s financing and covenants, representations and closing conditions relating to closing certainty. Representatives of Hogan Lovells communicated that Parent’s bid would be strengthened by the ability to execute a definitive merger agreement as quickly as possible.
On April 14, 2026, Mr. Seton received two calls from representatives of Consortium A, during which such representatives indicated that Consortium A would not be in a position to submit a final indication of interest until April 20, 2026. Mr. Seton again advised such representatives of Consortium A that the Company had a Board meeting scheduled for the morning of April 17, 2026, at which the Board planned to review the offers received. Mr. Seton further reiterated the need for Consortium A to submit its bid pricing indication prior to the Board meeting so that Consortium A did not miss the opportunity to have its offer considered by the Board as part of the sale process. Representatives of Consortium A advised Mr. Seton that Consortium A expected that it would need a minimum of two weeks after being selected as the winning bidder to reach a definitive merger agreement with the Company.
Later in the evening on April 14, 2026, representatives of Kirkland and Ellis provided a revised draft of the Company disclosure letter to the merger agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells. Between April 14, 2026 and April 19, 2026, representatives of Hogan Lovells and Kirkland & Ellis traded iterative drafts of the company disclosure letter.
Also in the evening on April 14, 2026, representatives of Kirkland and Ellis provided to representatives of Hogan Lovells an updated draft of the draft merger agreement that, among other changes, (i) removed the reliance of Parent on the Company’s cash on hand and cash available to the Company to provide a representation regarding Parent’s sufficiency of funds; (ii) deleted the closing condition related to regulatory approval; (iii) eliminated the obligation of the Company to deliver an amendment to its credit agreement to Parent and instead required commercially reasonable cooperation by the Company to facilitate Parent’s engagement with the Company’s lenders in connection with such amendment; and (iv) added the payment of the Parent termination fee upon a material breach by Parent of Parent’s regulatory efforts covenant or financing covenant.
30

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Later in the evening on April 14, 2026, Consortium B submitted a revised draft of the strategic version of the draft merger agreement, the key provisions of which were: (i) revisions to the no-shop and “fiduciary out” provisions; (ii) deletion of the closing condition relating to the absence of a material adverse effect on buyer; (iii) a limitation on the Company’s ability to declare and pay more than one dividend prior to the closing; and (iv) reservation with respect to the Company termination fee amount. The revised draft proposed by Consortium B provided for all cash merger consideration, full specific performance (including no limitations relating to financing) and fewer revisions to the no solicitation, closing conditions and termination provisions, as compared to the draft proposed by Parent.
On April 15, 2026, representatives of BofA Securities spoke with representatives of Citi to provide guidance on revisions to the merger agreement that would make Parent’s offer more competitive. Representatives of BofA Securities encouraged Parent to revise its draft to be in line with the strategic version of the merger agreement, including no limits on specific performance, no cap on damages in the event of a willful breach or fraud by Parent and no additional risk to closing as a result of Parent’s financing. Representatives of BofA Securities communicated that if these terms were not acceptable, the Company would propose a Parent termination fee equal to 15% of the Company’s equity value. Representatives of BofA Securities also proposed that Parent allow the Company to pay two regular quarterly dividends without reduction of the purchase price. Representatives of BofA Securities advised representatives of Citi that the Company was planning to announce a transaction on Monday and that speed of execution was an important factor in selecting a bidder with whom to move forward.
Later on April 15, 2026, representatives of BofA Securities reminded representatives of Blue Owl that they provided the lowest Round I bid that was advanced into Round II and encouraged them to improve their offer price in Round II.
Also on April 15, 2026, representatives of Hogan Lovells sent representatives of Kirkland & Ellis an email reiterating the message delivered by BofA Securities to Citi earlier that day, as described above. In addition to the issues noted to Citi regarding regular dividends, specific performance and the cap on Parent’s damages in the event of willful breach or fraud by Parent (or, in the alternative, a higher Parent termination fee), the email outlined certain other terms that the Company was proposing, including revisions to the no solicitation, closing conditions, termination and specific performance sections to more closely align with the strategic version of the bid draft merger agreement, with limited exceptions. 
Later in the day on April 15, 2026, representatives of Hogan Lovells, BofA Securities, Parent, Kirkland & Ellis and Citi met telephonically to discuss the issues previously discussed amongst such persons earlier in the day (as described above). During such call, representatives of Parent confirmed that Parent was aligned with a full specific performance remedy in the merger agreement and the payment by the Company of two regular quarterly dividends prior to closing. 
Later in the day on April 15, 2026, Consortium B submitted a final letter of interest indicating, among other items, a proposal to acquire all outstanding Company Common Stock for $26.00 per share in cash (the “Consortium B Final Proposal”). 
Later in the day on April 15, 2026, representatives of BofA Securities contacted representatives of Consortium A to remind them that submitting a bid by the deadline of April 15, 2026 was important to ensure that the Board was able to consider Consortium A’s bid. Representatives of Consortium A responded that they intended to provide a proposal later that evening. No such proposal was ever submitted by Consortium A.
Later in the evening on April 15, 2026, Blue Owl submitted a final letter of interest indicating, among other items, a proposal to acquire all outstanding Company Common Stock for $30.38 per share in cash (the “Blue Owl Final Proposal”). The Blue Owl Final Proposal provided that the Company could continue the payment of its regular quarterly dividends, not to exceed $0.40 per share. Additionally, Blue Owl requested an exclusivity period with the Company for a period of 10 days.
Early in the morning on April 16, 2026, representatives of Hogan Lovells shared a revised draft of the merger agreement with representatives of Kirkland & Ellis, which included, among other changes, the following terms: (i) an existing Blue Owl entity with full financial capability to fund the merger consideration would be the buyer under the merger agreement; (ii) an unqualified specific performance remedy; (iii) the deletion of a cap on Parent liability for damages suffered by the Company; (vi) removal of the Parent termination fee; (v) removal of covenants to obtain equity financing and references to the equity commitment letter and limited guarantee; (vi) expansion of the Company’s ability to terminate the merger agreement in response to a superior proposal; and (vii) a Company termination fee equal to 3.3% of the Company’s equity value, which was subsequently accepted by Parent.
31

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Later in the morning on April 16, 2026, Mr. Seton received a telephone call from representatives of Consortium A. Consortium A noted that its representatives continued to perform due diligence and evaluate the potential transaction. Mr. Seton reiterated the need for Consortium A to submit its final indication of interest before the meeting of the Board on April 17, 2026. Representatives of Consortium A indicated that its final proposal would be submitted on April 20, 2026. In response to questions from Mr. Seton regarding Consortium A’s expected final price, representatives of Consortium A indicated that the per share price submitted in its final proposal would not be lower than its preliminary bid, but Consortium A did not indicate a specific price and stated that it required input from all of its capital sources to finalize a price. Representatives of Consortium A also indicated that they expected to be in a position to execute definitive documentation with respect to a merger in approximately two weeks after submission. Representatives of Consortium A also stated that Consortium A would work through the upcoming weekend to finalize its due diligence and its capital sources. Representatives of Consortium A further stated that Consortium A would notify Mr. Seton if anything changed from their stated course.
Substantially concurrently with the foregoing telephone call between Mr. Seton and Consortium A, representatives of BofA Securities received a letter from Consortium A that indicated that Consortium A was continuing to work on a proposal for the Company but would not be submitting a proposal until April 20, 2026. 
In the evening of April 16, 2026, representatives of Kirkland & Ellis sent a revised draft of the merger agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells, which included, among other changes, the following terms: (i) reinsertion of the provisions related to equity commitment letters, equity financing and the guarantee; (ii) deletion of the delivery of a debt commitment letter and related provisions; (iii) additional limitations on the Company’s ability to exercise its “fiduciary out” in connection with a superior proposal; and (iv) additional limitations on the Company’s ability to collect monetary damages from Parent and its affiliates, including an aggregate cap of 10% of the equity value of the Company. 
On April 17, 2026 and again on April 19, 2026, prior to the meetings of the Board, BofA Securities delivered to the Board a relationship disclosure regarding the relationships between BofA Securities and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company and Blue Owl and its affiliates, on the other hand, as fully described in the section entitled “—