After completing the Legato III IPO, Legato III utilized the operating experience and entrepreneurial expertise of its officers and directors to identify potential business combination targets. Legato III’s officers and directors contacted several investment banks, private equity firms, consulting firms, legal and accounting firms and numerous other business relationships. Legato III also signed six non-exclusive, finder fee agreements with independent third parties whereby Legato III would pay any of such finders that located a target business with which Legato III consummated an initial business combination a fee equal to a percentage of the enterprise value of such target business. The agreements stipulated that the finders were operating as independent contractors and did not have any authority to act for, represent or bind Legato III. Such agreements generally also contained confidentiality provisions as well as provisions limiting the finders’ right to make any claim against the Trust Account. While the finders presented Legato III with several potential acquisition candidates, Legato III did not sign a definitive agreement with any of the targets presented by the finders. As such, there is no finder’s fee payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination with Einride.

 

Through inbound inquiries, personal relationships of the Legato III Board and management and independent third parties acting as finders, Legato III reviewed over 50 possible transactions and had conversations with management or owners of more than 30 private companies. In connection with the review, Legato III executed confidentiality agreements with several of the targets, none of which contained exclusivity, standstill or other provisions limiting the ability of either party to seek alternative business combination transactions. Legato III submitted non-binding letters of intent with nine of such targets. However, none of such letters of intent were executed for various reasons including the inability to agree upon acceptable terms, identifying issues with the proposed transactions with such targets or determining other transactions were more attractive.

 

Legato III ultimately determined that the most compelling opportunity was a transaction with Einride for the reasons described in this proxy statement/prospectus. The negotiations between Legato III and Einride are summarized below:

 

On May 27, 2025, representatives of TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TD Cowen”), financial and capital markets advisor to Einride, informed Messrs. Monahan and Jaffe that TD Cowen was recently engaged by a company looking to merge with a SPAC. Legato III was then provided with a no-names teaser and a mutual confidentiality agreement. The representatives of Legato III indicated to TD Cowen that they were interested in obtaining additional information and the confidentiality agreement was entered into on May 27, 2025. Subsequent to signing the confidentiality agreement, Messrs. Monahan and Jaffe, and representatives of TD Cowen discussed the potential target from a high level perspective and its desire to become a public company via a merger with a SPAC.

 

155

Table of Contents
 

 

On May 29, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held among Messrs. Monahan, Rosenfeld, Jaffe, Abony (a member of Einride’s Board of Directors), Charli (Einride’s Chief Executive Officer), Henrik Green (Einride’s Chief Technology Officer), and representatives of TD Cowen. During the call, Messrs. Charli and Abony detailed Einride’s business operations, organizational structure, go-to-market strategy and technology.

 

On May 31, 2025, TD Cowen provided Legato III with more detailed information regarding Einride, including historical financial statements and a recent capitalization table.

 

On June 1, 2025, Legato III submitted a letter of intent (the “Einride LOI”) to TD Cowen which provided for a merger of Legato III with Einride. The Einride LOI proposed that Legato III would complete a reverse merger with Einride, whereby Legato III would issue shares and earnout shares to the current Einride shareholders in return for 100% of the equity of Einride. The Einride LOI further stipulated that the proposed equity consideration would consist of $2,600,000,000 of Legato III Ordinary Shares at closing, priced at $10.90 per share (the estimated amount of cash per share in the Trust Account at the time of closing), and up to an additional $300,000,000 of stock-based contingent consideration, priced at $10.90 per share. The contingent consideration included three distinct earnout goals, payable at the end of 2025, 2026 and 2027, based on a metric that was to be determined in the future. Further, the Einride LOI noted that the parties would work collaboratively to raise $150,000,000 in a private financing prior to the execution of a definitive agreement for the transaction, which would satisfy a $150,000,000 minimum cash closing condition. The Einride LOI also called for 5% of the shares outstanding at closing to be allocated for an employee incentive plan and that the continuing board of directors would be made up of nine members, two of whom would be appointed by Legato III and seven of whom would be appointed by Einride. 

 

On June 2, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe and Rosenfeld provided the Legato III Board with an update regarding Einride as well as alternative potential merger candidates with which Legato III’s management had held discussions and the status of those discussions. Given the attractiveness of the valuation compared to selected public companies and the fit with Legato III’s stated objectives, the Legato III Board supported management’s decision to submit the Einride LOI to Einride.

 

On June 10, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Charli, Abony, Malcolm Ekbom (Einride’s Head of Corporate Finance), and representatives of TD Cowen met in Stockholm, Sweden to discuss Einride’s business operations, go-to-market strategy and historical financial performance, as well as to gain a better understanding of Einride’s business.

 

On June 11, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Charli, Abony, and representatives of TD Cowen met in Gothenburg, Sweden to review a demonstration of Einride’s autonomous vehicles and to tour the manufacturing facility. After the tour of the facilities, several meetings were held to further discuss Einride’s business and to learn about Einride’s Saga software solution. After the business meetings, a discussion was held to clarify certain provisions in the Einride LOI.

 

On June 11, 2025, Legato III submitted an amended letter of intent (“First Amended LOI”) which subjected 1,309,444 Founder Shares to a vesting schedule whereby such shares would vest if the combined company’s stock traded at a volume weighted average price of $15.00 for 20 out of 30 days. Additionally, the cash closing condition was removed from letter of intent, and the percentage of the shares outstanding at closing to be allocated for an incentive plan was increased from 5.0% to 7.5%.

 

On June 13, 2025, TD Cowen, on behalf of Einride, delivered a revised letter of intent (“Second Amended LOI”). The Second Amended LOI proposed that Legato III and Einride work in good faith to establish a transaction structure that was the most tax efficient for both parties and their respective equityholders. In addition, it proposed that 1.0 million Founder Shares would be used to facilitate the closing of the transaction and 1.4 million Founder Shares would be subject to forfeiture in proportion to the percentage of shares redeemed by Legato III Public Shareholders at the Closing. It also introduced a $9,000,000 cap on Legato III transaction expenses. The Second Amended LOI provided for the Einride board to consist of seven members, five of whom would be appointed by Einride and two of whom would be appointed by Legato III and also provided for an incentive plan with 7.5% of the shares outstanding at closing to be allocated to such plan with a 5% annual evergreen provision.

 

156

Table of Contents
 

 

On June 14, 2025, Legato III delivered a third amended letter of intent (“Third Amended LOI”) to Messrs. Abony and Charli. The Third Amended LOI removed the expense cap and made other minor changes.

 

On June 16, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Charli, Abony, and representatives of TD Cowen, along with Jeffrey M. Gallant of Graubard Miller, legal advisor to Legato III, and Stephen P. Alicanti of DLA Piper LLP (US), legal advisor to Einride, held a videoconference to discuss and finalize the letter of intent. Thereafter, the Legato III Board met to discuss Einride and the merits of a transaction with Einride. The Legato III Board reviewed the final draft of the letter of intent, which included certain non-substantive changes, and authorized management to proceed with executing the letter of intent with Einride. Accordingly, Mr. Monahan executed and sent the letter of intent to Messrs. Charli, Abony and Alicanti.

 

On June 17, 2025, Mr. Charli executed the letter of intent.

 

On June 20, 2025, Legato III engaged Cassel Salpeter to render to the Legato III Board an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the Legato III Shareholders (other than the Excluded Holders) of the merger consideration to be received by such holders in the Merger pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, and whether Einride had a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account, as described in more detail below.

 

On June 20, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, and representatives of BTIG, financial advisor to Legato III, held a videoconference discussing the key terms of the executed letter of intent.

 

On June 23, 2025, representatives from Legato III, Einride and their respective legal, accounting and financial advisors held a videoconference meeting to discuss various topics regarding the transaction including the status of the audit of Einride’s financial statements in accordance with PCAOB audit standards, the raising of PIPE financing, the status of the Business Combination Agreement, the hiring by Einride of a new Chief Financial Officer and the status of Legato III’s due diligence. The parties agreed to hold regular weekly update calls to discuss the foregoing topics as well as any other items that became necessary to discuss.

 

On June 24, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Charli and Abony, and representatives of BTIG held a videoconference call during which Messrs. Charli and Abony provided BTIG with an introduction to Einride which included an overview of Einride’s business, go-to-market strategy and historical financials.

 

On June 26, 2025, Einride shared its virtual data room with Legato III and its legal advisors.

 

On June 28, 2025, Legato III sent a detailed list of due diligence questions to Einride for discussion at the first due diligence call scheduled for July 1, 2025.

 

On July 1, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held with Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Ehsani, Nadeem, Charli, Abony, Ekbom, Atherton, Ms. Ulff and representatives of TD Cowen to discuss various due diligence topics. During the call, Messrs. Charli and Ekbom led a detailed discussion about Einride’s business strategy, revenue model, and financial strategy.

 

Also on July 1, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held with Messrs. Jaffe and Nadeem from Legato III, and representatives of TD Cowen, to discuss the contents of the investor presentation.

 

On July 9, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held with Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Ehsani, Nadeem, Charli, Abony, Ekbom, Ulff, Atherton and representatives of TD Cowen to answer various due diligence questions. During the call, Messrs. Charli and Ekbom led a discussion about Einride’s financing history, its intellectual property, insurance coverage, outstanding legal disputes, relationships with various vendors and the existing capitalization table.

 

157

Table of Contents
 

 

On July 12, 2025, Legato III engaged Lindskog Malmstrom as its Swedish outside counsel to assist with the drafting and negotiation of the Business Combination Agreement from a Swedish legal perspective.

 

On July 13, 2025, Legato III and Einride executed an amendment to the executed letter of intent to extend the mutual exclusivity period until August 17, 2025.

 

On July 14, 2025, representatives of Legato III held a conference call with a key customer of Einride as part of the due diligence efforts to learn more about how Einride operates. On the same date, Graubard Miller provided DLA Piper and Einride with an initial draft of the Business Combination Agreement.

 

On July 17, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held with Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Ehsani, Nadeem, Jaffe, Charli, Abony, Ekbom, Atherton, Ms. Ulff and representatives of TD Cowen to answer various due diligence questions. Messrs. Charli and Ekbom led a discussion regarding relationships with various customers and an update of joint business plans with various customers.

 

On July 22, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe and Rosenfeld held a videoconference meeting with Messrs. Salpeter, Wai and Belliard from Cassel Salpeter. Members of the Legato III management provided Cassel Salpeter with an update of the due diligence performed to date and the status of the Business Combination Agreement.

 

On July 24, 2025, a videoconference meeting was held with Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld, Ehsani, Nadeem, Jaffe, Charli, Abony, Ekbom, Atherton, Ms. Ulff and representatives of TD Cowen to answer follow-up questions from previous due diligence calls.

 

From August 1, 2025, through August 4, 2025, the parties reviewed investor presentations and wall cross scripts, which were finalized on August 4, 2025.

 

On August 7, 2025, representatives from Legato, Einride, Graubard Miller, DLA Piper, TD Cowen, and Greenberg Traurig LLP, legal advisor to TD Cowen, held a videoconference meeting. Messrs. Charli, Green, and Rosenfeld discussed talking points for the investor presentation.

 

On August 12, 2025, Legato III and Einride executed another amendment to the letter of intent which included the following changes from the previously executed letter of intent: 1) Einride’s valuation was changed to $1,800,000,000; 2) the contingent consideration was removed; and 3) the proposed PIPE amount was changed to $100,000,000. The amendment further extended the mutual exclusivity period until September 17, 2025. The Einride valuation was lowered with a view towards minimizing redemptions in connection with the Business Combination and incentivizing the PIPE Investors to participate in the PIPE Investment.

 

On August 13, 2025, DLA Piper sent the first revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement to Graubard Miller. This revised draft included revisions to each parties’ representations and warranties, the removal of the contingent consideration and revisions to the termination provisions, amongst other things.

 

During the week of August 15, 2025, and extending through the week of September 22, 2025, representatives of Legato III, Einride and TD Cowen held videoconference meetings to discuss the proposed PIPE transaction with a certain selected group of wall-crossed investors who agreed to be subject to certain confidentiality and other restrictions in order to gain access to information related to the proposed PIPE transaction.

 

On August 14, 2025, representatives of Legato III and Graubard Miller held a videoconference call with representatives of Einride and Mayer Brown LLP and Latham & Watkins LLP, Einride’s U.S. litigation counsel, to discuss pending and ongoing litigation involving Einride.

 

On August 25, 2025, Graubard Miller sent a further revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement to DLA Piper. The revised draft included revisions of the representations and warranties, changes to the termination provisions and a removal of the cap on Legato III’s expenses, amongst other things.

 

158

Table of Contents
 

 

On September 2, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Rosenfeld, Charli, Abony, and representatives of TD Cowen held a videoconference meeting. TD Cowen provided an update on the meetings with potential PIPE investors and provided feedback received from investors.

 

On September 8, 2025, Legato III and Einride executed another amendment to the letter of intent that extended the mutual exclusivity period until October 17, 2025.

 

On September 11, 2025, DLA Piper sent a further revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement to Graubard Miller. The revised draft included revisions to the representations and warranties, changes to the termination provisions to the indemnification and insurance provisions and to Legato III’s expense cap, amongst other things.

 

On September 12, 2025, representatives from Legato III, Einride, Graubard Miller, DLA Piper, TD Cowen, Deloitte, accounting preparer for Einride, and Greenberg Traurig held a videoconference meeting to discuss the status of the meetings with potential PIPE investors that had been held to date.

 

On September 29, 2025, Graubard Miller sent a further revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement including modifications to the representation and warranties, changes to the termination provisions and removal of an expense cap, amongst other things.

 

On September 29, 2025, representatives from Legato III, Einride and TD Cowen held a videoconference meeting to discuss how meetings with potential PIPE investors were progressing and to determine if BTIG should be engaged to assist in the process.

 

On September 30, 2025, representatives from Legato III, Einride, TD Cowen and BTIG held a videoconference meeting to update BTIG about potential PIPE investors that had already been contacted and to provide them with feedback from potential investors that previously held meetings with Einride’s management.

 

On October 7, 2025, Legato III held a board meeting so that Legato III’s management could provide the Legato III Board with an update on the proposed transaction and the related due diligence process.

 

On October 8, 2025, Legato III and Einride executed another amendment to the letter of intent to further extend the mutual exclusivity period until November 15, 2025.

 

On October 8, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Rosenfeld and Jaffe from Legato held a videoconference meeting with Messrs. Charli and Ekbom, Ms. Ulff and Ms. Linander Waldenor from Einride to settle several open business issues with the Business Combination Agreement including certain representations and warranties, the termination provisions and the cap on Legato III’s expenses.

 

On October 13, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Rosenfeld, Jaffe, Charli, Abony, and representatives of TD Cowen held a videoconference meeting. Representatives of TD Cowen provided an update on the PIPE process.

 

On October 17, 2025, DLA Piper sent a further revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement to Graubard Miller, which contained additional changes to the representations and warranties, the termination provisions and the expenses cap, amongst other things.

 

On October 22, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Rosenfeld and Charli held a lunch meeting to discuss the status of the Business Combination Agreement and the PIPE meetings.

 

On October 28, 2025, Graubard Miller sent a further revised draft of the proposed Business Combination Agreement to DLA Piper which included changes to the indemnification provisions and other minor changes.

 

On October 28, 2025, Messrs. Monahan and Jaffe held a meeting with Messrs. Royes, Suchak and Lindberg from ICR Inc., which had been engaged by Einride to provide public relations support. The representatives from ICR introduced ICR and its service offerings and discussed their preliminary thoughts on how Einride should move forward with its public relations and investor relations roles. Questions were asked and a discussion followed.

 

159

Table of Contents
 

 

On October 29, 2025, Messrs. Monahan, Jaffe, Salpeter and Wai held a videoconference meeting to discuss all items shared with Cassel Salpeter for such firm’s fairness opinion, clarifying and confirming different numbers and assumptions.

 

On October 31, 2025, representatives of Legato III, Einride, TD Cowen, BTIG and ICR held a videoconference meeting to discuss how the proposed transaction would be publicly announced.

 

From November 3, 2025, until November 11, 2025, representatives from Legato III, Einride, TD Cowen, BTIG, Graubard Miller, DLA Piper, and ICR generally held daily update calls to discuss the status of the Business Combination Agreement and items required for executing such agreement.

 

On November 6, 2025, Messrs. Jaffe, Salpeter, and Wai held a videoconference call and Mr. Jaffe answered outstanding questions asked by Messrs. Salpeter and Wai.

 

On November 7, 2025, Legato III’s management team provided updates to the Legato III Board members regarding the progress of the transaction and likely timing of a board meeting and transaction announcement.

 

Between November 9, 2025, and November 11, 2025, Graubard Miller and DLA Piper exchanged several revised drafts of the proposed Business Combination Agreement reflecting final legal changes.

 

On November 10, 2025, Messrs. Jaffe and Wai held a videoconference call and Mr. Jaffe answered outstanding questions asked by Mr. Wai.

 

On November 11, 2025, the Legato III Board met to receive an update on the proposed Business Combination with Einride and to take action to approve the Business Combination Agreement. Also present were Mr. Rosenfeld, as well as representatives of Cassel Salpeter, Crescendo Advisors LLC and Graubard Miller. Prior to the meeting, the Board received a copy of the most recent draft of the Business Combination Agreement, copies of the related Transaction Agreements, a draft of the opinion from Cassel Salpeter and certain other documents. Mr. Monahan advised the Legato III Board that the negotiations were nearly complete and, assuming Board approval, each party intended to sign the Business Combination Agreement as soon as practicable. A representative of Graubard Miller then reviewed the material terms of the Business Combination Agreement with the Board. Representatives of Cassel Salpeter then provided the Board with their presentation regarding the fairness of the transactions to Legato III’s shareholders from a financial point of view. A representative of Graubard Miller then summarized certain timing matters and SEC filings that would be undertaken by Legato III in connection with the proposed Business Combination. After further discussion, the Legato III Board declared that the Business Combination Agreement and the proposed Business Combination were advisable and in the best interests of Legato III and its shareholders, and approved the form, terms and provisions of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Business Combination Agreement, including the matters to be submitted to Legato III’s shareholders, and authorized Legato III to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and the related transaction documents once finalized.