The management and board of directors of each of Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp (which we refer to in this section as the
“Columbia Financial board” and the “Northfield Bancorp board”, respectively) regularly review and assess the performance, strategy, competitive position, opportunities and prospects of their respective companies in light of
the then-current business, interest rate, economic and regulatory environments, as well as developments in the financial sector and the opportunities and challenges facing participants in the sector, in each case with the goal of enhancing
stockholder values for their respective stockholders and delivering the best possible products and services to their respective customers and communities. These reviews have included periodic consideration of, and discussions with other companies
regarding, potential strategic alternatives, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions to further the strategic objectives of each such company, as well as remaining independent companies. As part of these reviews, each of
Steven M. Klein, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Northfield Bancorp, and Thomas J. Kemly, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Columbia Financial, have had, from time to time, informal discussions with each other, as
well as with the chief executive officers of other financial institutions, regarding trends and developments, and, on occasion, strategic alternatives available to their respective companies, including potential business combinations and other
strategic transactions. Each of Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp have also consulted periodically with representatives of nationally recognized investment banking firms with substantial experience advising financial institutions with
respect to mergers and acquisitions and other matters. 
 
In December 2024, Mr. Klein held discussions at a banking conference with the
chief executive officer of a bank holding company headquartered in New York (“Company A”). The discussions included considerations of a possible combination between Company A and Northfield Bancorp. No pricing or deal terms for a
potential transaction were discussed. Mr. Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board of directors at a subsequent board meeting. 

Mr. Klein and the chief executive officer of Company A held telephone discussions over the next few weeks. Mr. Klein then met with
the chief executive officer of Company A on January 7, 2025. The discussion included considerations related to the pricing of a recently announced merger transaction. Mr. Klein reported the results of these discussions to the Northfield
board of directors at a subsequent board meeting. 

 
 
97 

 

Table of Contents

Mr. Kemly and Mr. Klein have known each other professionally for many years, and
they have served together on the board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York since Mr. Klein’s appointment to the board in July 2024. On April 4, 2025, Mr. Kemly reached out to Mr. Klein to schedule an
appointment to discuss a possible business combination between the two parties. The parties agreed to meet in June 2025. 
 
During this same
time period, conversations continued between Mr. Klein and the chief executive officer of Company A. In April 2025, a representative of a nationally recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience advising financial institutions
with respect to mergers and acquisitions and other matters, who had discussions with Company A, reached out to Mr. Klein to model a potential transaction with Company A based upon a verbal indication from Company A to purchase Northfield
Bancorp at a price of $12.29 per share, or approximately 78% of Northfield’s reported tangible book value at the time of the proposal. 

On April 29, 2025, the Columbia Financial board held a special board meeting with executive management to review the market for mutual to
stock conversions and consider potential strategies to deploy the capital raised. Further, the merger market was discussed along with the potential benefits of executing a simultaneous merger and second step conversion. Potential merger partners
were reviewed and discussed with executive management, including Northfield Bancorp. The Columbia Financial board directed management to stay abreast of market conditions and explore conversations with potential merger partners. 

At a board meeting held May 22, 2025, the Northfield Bancorp board met with representatives of the nationally recognized investment
banking firm to discuss a proposed transaction with Company A. The Northfield Bancorp board considered Company A’s indication of $12.29 per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock as well as information related to a potential pricing range of
between $10.29 and $12.84 per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock. The board reviewed valuation and other financial summaries of Northfield Bancorp and Company A, both on a standalone and a combined basis. The Northfield Bancorp board discussed
recent financial institution merger and acquisition activity, as well as other potential partners for Northfield Bancorp, both on a regional and local basis. Following these discussions, the Northfield Bancorp board determined to discontinue
discussions with Company A, and instead to focus on other strategic opportunities. 
 
Messrs. Klein and Kemly met on June 13, 2025, and
discussed various topics, including the current banking market, the economy, Northfield Bancorp’s future plans and Mr. Klein’s personal plans. Mr. Kemly discussed Columbia Financial’s future plans, including consideration
of a second-step conversion and the benefits and considerations of an acquisition of another financial institution in connection with such a transaction. No pricing or other deal terms for a potential transaction were discussed. Mr. Klein
reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board of directors at a subsequent board meeting. 
 
Messrs. Klein and
Kemly met on July 2, 2025, continuing discussions regarding a potential second-step conversion by Columbia Financial in connection with a simultaneous acquisition of another financial institution, such as Northfield Bancorp. Mr. Kemly
raised certain concerns of the Columbia Financial board with respect to Northfield Bancorp’s commercial real estate exposure related to its multifamily loan portfolio secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City, as well as
organizational cultural considerations of both parties. Mr. Klein expressed his interest in serving as chief executive officer in the combined company if a business combination of the two companies were to occur. Mr. Kemly noted that
Columbia Financial was actively in the process of completing an internal executive succession plan and that he would have to discuss with the Columbia Financial board Mr. Klein’s interest. Mr. Klein also expressed an interest in
meeting with the Columbia Financial’s Chairman of the Board, Noel Holland, in order for Mr. Holland to get to know Mr. Klein better and to discuss, among other things, the organizational culture and the multifamily loan portfolio of
Northfield Bancorp secured by rent-regulated properties and Mr. Klein’s interest in being a part of the executive management team of the combined company. No pricing or other deal terms for a potential transaction were discussed. Mr.
Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board of directors at a subsequent board meeting. Mr. Kemly updated Mr. Holland and the Columbia Financial board on his meeting with Mr. Klein. 

In early July 2025, on behalf of Columbia Financial and as a follow up to discussions held earlier in the year, Kilpatrick Townsend provided
materials to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia regarding precedential simultaneous conversion /acquisition transactions that had been approved by the banking regulators. Later that month, representatives of Kilpatrick Townsend met virtually
with the applications staff of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to discuss the materials submitted and reported the results of those discussions to Columbia Financial. 

On August 13, 2025, Mr. Klein met with Messrs. Kemly and Holland The discussion focused on Northfield Bank’s culture and its
New York market and the business strategy and management philosophy of each company. The parties also discussed the governance and leadership matters in connection with a possible business combination during which Mr. Klein

 
 
98 

 

Table of Contents

noted that Northfield Bancorp would expect a number of board seats on the Columbia Financial and Columbia Bank boards of directors commensurate with the ownership structure of the combined entity
and suggested at least four board seats. No pricing or other deal terms for a potential transaction were discussed. Mr. Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board at a subsequent board meeting.
Mr. Holland and Mr. Kemly reported to the Columbia Financial board the discussions with Mr. Klein. 
 
On August 26,
2025, a special committee of the Columbia Financial board met to discuss executive succession planning. At that meeting, the special committee discussed Mr. Klein’s interest in becoming chief executive officer in a business combination of
the two companies, Columbia Financial’s current executive succession plan, and a potential position for Mr. Klein at Columbia Financial, including potentially serving as a board member of Columbia Financial. 

On that same date, Messrs. Kemly and Klein met for a dinner meeting. Mr. Klein had previously provided Mr. Kemly with detailed
information regarding Northfield Bancorp’s commercial real estate portfolio, including its multifamily loan portfolio secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City. During this meeting, various topics were discussed, including an 
in-depth
 discussion regarding Northfield Bank’s multifamily loan portfolio secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City, the profiles of the Northfield Bancorp board members, and potential for a
leadership role for Mr. Klein in the combined company. No pricing or other deal terms for a potential transaction were discussed. Mr. Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board at a subsequent board
meeting. 
 
From September 3 to September 4, 2025, the senior executive management team of Columbia Financial held 
in-depth
 market intelligence review and meetings with industry experts discussing the commercial real estate market in New York City and valuations of rent-regulated multifamily properties in New York City and
projections relating to such market. 
 
On September 6, 2025, executive management of Columbia Financial met with representatives of
KBW to discuss preliminary financial considerations should Columbia Financial decide to pursue a business combination with Northfield Bancorp. 

On September 8, 2025, Mr. Holland and Mr. Kemly had a dinner meeting to discuss pursuing a potential business combination with
Northfield Bancorp and potential concerns of the Columbia Financial board relating to such combination. Items discussed at the meeting included Northfield Bancorp’s multifamily loan portfolio secured by

rent-regulated
 properties in New York City, the culture of the two companies, information on Northfield’s history of regulatory compliance, considerations with respect to the addition of Northfield
Bancorp board members to the Columbia Financial board, and Columbia Financial’s executive succession plan. Mr. Holland and Mr. Kemly also discussed at length plans for an 
off-site
 meeting of
the Columbia Financial board if Columbia Financial wanted to continue to pursue a business combination with Northfield Bancorp, with a key focus of such meeting to include a discussion of the New York City commercial real estate market and
Northfield’s commercial real estate loan portfolio, and in particular, and its multifamily loans secured by 
rent-regulated
 multifamily properties in New York City, among the other matters discussed
during the meeting. 
 
On September 9, 2025 Messrs. Klein and Kemly spoke and discussed various topics, including the intention of the
Columbia Financial board to maintain its existing chief executive officer succession plan with an internal candidate expected to be selected among the senior executive team as the eventual successor to Mr. Kemly. Mr. Kemly described a
number of possible executive roles for Mr. Klein in a combined company. No pricing or other deal terms for a potential transaction were discussed. Mr. Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board at a
subsequent board meeting. 
 
On September 15, 2025, Messrs. Klein, Kemly and Dennis Gibney, who then was serving as Senior Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Columbia Financial, met and discussed the respective business models of Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp and the potential business model of a combined organization. Mr. Gibney discussed
the mechanics of a proposed acquisition in connection with a second-step conversion, including an estimated value of the combined company and a hypothetical price of $13.50 per share as the merger consideration. The parties also discussed Northfield
Bancorp’s loan portfolio, with a focus on its multifamily loans secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City, business development concepts, business strategy and Columbia Financial’s executive management team. In addition, the
parties discussed the timing of further board education and discussions regarding a potential business combination. Mr. Klein reported the results of this discussion to the Northfield Bancorp board at a subsequent board meeting. Mr. Kemly
reported the results of this discussion to the Columbia Financial Board at a subsequent meeting. 
 
On September 23, 2025, Messrs.
Klein and Kemly spoke prior to the upcoming Northfield Bancorp board retreat to discuss the potential business combination. No price or other deal terms were discussed during this telephone conversation. 

On September 25, 2025, Messrs. Kemly and Holland met and at that meeting Mr. Kemly updated Mr. Holland on his recent
discussions with Mr. Klein regarding the potential business combination, with a focus on board composition, Northfield Bancorp’s New York City multifamily loan portfolio secured by 
rent-regulated

properties, its culture and history of regulatory compliance and pricing. 

 
 
99 

 

Table of Contents

On September 26, 2025, the Northfield Bancorp board met for a strategic retreat and
received presentations from industry experts on a wide range of topics including the state of community banking, economic indicators, the mergers and acquisitions landscape and opportunities that might arise during the upcoming year. These
presentations included a discussion of certain recent merger and acquisition transactions, as well as the potential impact on Northfield Bank from a competitive view. As part of this retreat, the Northfield Bancorp board and executive management
team met with special legal counsel, Luse Gorman, PC (“Luse Gorman”). The Northfield Bancorp board also discussed with Luse Gorman the board’s fiduciary duties in general, as well as in a merger transaction. Luse Gorman
reviewed various topics relating to a hypothetical second-step conversion and simultaneous acquisition transaction, including the timeline for such a transaction, the required regulatory, stockholder and depositor approvals, and the risks involved
as compared to a merger without a financing contingency. 
 
On September 29, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Columbia Financial
board met to discuss a potential role for Mr. Klein if a business combination with Northfield Bancorp was to occur in light of Columbia Financial’s executive succession plan. A special board meeting was held this same day. At this
meeting, representatives of KBW provided a market overview and an overview of Columbia Financial’s preliminary financial model with respect to a potential acquisition of Northfield Bancorp by Columbia Financial, assuming a concurrent
second-step conversion. Mr. Kemly and Mr. Gibney updated the board on their September 15
th
 meeting with Mr. Klein. Further discussion was held on the potential acquisition of
Northfield Bancorp. 
 
On September 30, 2025, an executive session of the Columbia Financial board was held, without executive
management present. Several board members expressed concern about the risks associated with Northfield Bancorp’s multifamily loan portfolio secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City, the need for additional information on
Northfield Bancorp’s regulatory compliance, Columbia’s cultural preparation for expansion and current and potential New York City laws and regulations relating to rent-regulated properties in New York City. Primarily due to concerns
about those risks and the need for further diligence, the board members concluded they did not want to take any action to move forward on the potential business combination at this time but would consider the potential acquisition at the October
2025 
off-site
 meeting. 
 
On October 6, 2025, Mr. Kemly discussed with Mr. Klein the
current timeline for the Columbia Financial board to meet and discuss the benefits and considerations of a second-step conversion, including with a possible acquisition. Mr. Kemly also reiterated the concerns of the Columbia Financial board
with respect to Northfield Bancorp’s multifamily portfolio secured by rent-regulated properties in New York City and the desire of the board to have a better understanding of Northfield Bancorp’s culture and regulatory compliance.
Mr. Kemly also discussed with Mr. Klein his potential role in the combined company if a transaction were to occur as well as the current executive succession plan of Columbia Financial. Mr. Kemly advised Mr. Klein that the
potential transaction would be discussed in detail at the upcoming offsite meeting of the Columbia Financial board and that a decision would be made at that meeting as to whether to pursue the second-step conversion and the potential transaction
and, if so, proposed pricing and other terms of a potential transaction. However, no pricing or other terms were discussed between Messrs. Klein and Kemly. Mr. Klein reported the results of these discussions to the Northfield board of directors
at a subsequent board meeting. 
 
On October 6, 2025, Columbia Bank held its semi-annual commercial real estate credit risk review
meeting, which was attended by several board members given the ongoing discussions regarding a potential acquisition of Northfield Bancorp. At the meeting, an update was provided on the New York City commercial real estate market along with other
related topics. 
 
On October 8, 2025, the special committee of the Columbia Financial board met to discuss further Columbia
Financial’s executive succession plan, the structure of its senior executive management team and potential changes to that structure if a business combination were to occur. 

The Columbia Financial board and executive management team held 
off-site
 meetings in Washington, DC
from October 19 to October 24, 2025. On October 20, 2025, Kilpatrick Townsend reviewed with the Columbia Financial board its fiduciary responsibilities with respect to execution of Columbia Financial’s strategic plan and when
considering a potential acquisition. 
 
On October 22, 2025, representatives of RP Financial made a presentation to the Columbia
Financial board and executive management team as to a potential valuation of Columbia Financial in the event it pursued a second-step conversion. Following that presentation, representatives of Kilpatrick Townsend reviewed the process for a
second-step conversion, including the regulatory considerations related to an acquisition of another financial institution in connection with such a conversion and also reviewed the merger process and the board’s fiduciary responsibilities in
connection with a potential acquisition. Representatives of KBW discussed capital deployment in connection with a second-step conversion, the current market for bank mergers and acquisitions and certain potential acquisitions, including a potential
business combination with Northfield Bancorp. 

 
 
100 

 

Table of Contents

At a board meeting held October 22, 2025, Northfield Bancorp’s board of directors
discussed the benefits and considerations of engaging an advisor expert in mergers and acquisitions, including with respect to 
mutual-to-stock
 conversion transactions,
and, after considering two such possible advisors, approved Mr. Klein to contact Raymond James, a nationally recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience advising financial institutions with respect to mergers and acquisitions
and other matters, to act as Northfield’s financial advisor in connection with a transaction with Columbia. The board of directors also authorized Mr. Klein and Director Frank P. Patafio to negotiate the terms and conditions of an
engagement letter with Raymond James. 
 
The Columbia Financial board met on October 23, 2025 to discuss the Northfield Bancorp
potential transaction. At that meeting, and after considering the information provided at the October 22nd meeting the board determined that Columbia Financial should make an offer to Northfield Bancorp and that the merger consideration should
be in the range of $12.50 to $13.00 per share. The Columbia Financial board agreed that the proposed offer would include a number of board seats commensurate with the ultimate ownership of Northfield Bancorp in the combined entity. A discussion was
also held regarding the role of Mr. Klein in the combined entity. At the conclusion of the meeting, the board authorized executive management to offer between $12.50 and $13.00 per share as the merger consideration, to include a commitment for
a number of board seats commensurate with the ownership of Northfield Bancorp in the combined entity and to offer Mr. Klein an executive position, the title for such position and responsibilities to be determined at a later date, and a board
seat in the combined company. Kilpatrick Townsend was asked to prepare an indication of interest that reflected the terms discussed and agreed to by the Columbia Financial board. 

Messrs. Klein and Kemly spoke on October 24, 2025 during which Mr. Kemly advised Mr. Klein that Columbia Financial was
preparing an indication of interest letter and expected to send it to Northfield Bancorp the following week. Over the course of the next several days, Messrs. Kemly and Gibney worked with the assistance of Kilpatrick Townsend and KBW to prepare the
indication of interest letter. 
 
On October 27, 2025, the special committee of the Columbia Financial board met to further discuss the
potential composition of the executive management team, the future organization chart taking into account the potential business combination, and the executive succession plan of Columbia Financial. 

On October 29, 2025. Mr. Kemly called Mr. Klein and indicated his intention to send a draft

non-binding
 indication of interest to Mr. Klein that day. Mr. Kemly further indicated that the price to be paid for each share of Northfield Bancorp common stock was expected to be between $12.50 and
$13.00. Mr. Kemly indicated that combined board representation would be proportionate to the pro forma ownership of Northfield Bancorp stockholders in the combined company, with the expectation that Mr. Klein be one of the directors.
Mr. Klein would serve as a key member of management in a role to be agreed to by Mr. Klein and Columbia Financial in the future. Mr. Klein reported the results of these discussions to the Northfield Bancorp board of directors at a
subsequent board meeting. 
 
On October 29, 2025, Columbia Financial provided to Northfield Bancorp a

non-binding
 indication of interest letter (“IOI”). The IOI proposed a total consideration of 75% stock and 25% cash valued between $12.50 and $13.00 per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock.
The stock component would consist of a fixed exchange ratio. The IOI indicated that Columbia Financial and Columbia Bank would add a number of Northfield Bancorp directors relative to Northfield Bancorp’s resultant ownership of the combined
entity, one of which would be Mr. Klein. The IOI indicated Columbia’s intention to honor all existing employment agreements, change in control or severance agreements and severance plans of Northfield Bancorp, provided that any payments
due could be handled in a tax efficient manner. The IOI further indicated Columbia’s intention to retain Mr. Klein as a key member of Columbia’s senior executive management team in a position to be determined in consultation with
Mr. Klein and Columbia’s board of directors. As part of Columbia’s due diligence, Columbia Financial would meet with other members of Northfield Bancorp’s executive management team to determine whether there would be an
opportunity for any such individual to continue with the combined entity. The IOI provided for an initial 
45-day
 period for exclusive negotiations between Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp. The
IOI included a mutual confidentiality agreement. The confidentiality agreement did not include any standstill provisions applicable to Northfield Bancorp or Columbia Financial (i.e., the agreement did not contain “don’t ask, don’t
waive” provisions with respect to acquisition proposals between Northfield Bancorp and Columbia Financial). 
 
On October 29,
2025, Mr. Klein contacted a representative of Raymond James to discuss an opportunity Northfield Bancorp was evaluating, without initially naming Columbia Financial as the potential partner. Subsequent to executing a 
non-disclosure
 agreement, Mr. Klein provided Raymond James with a copy of the IOI. Mr. Klein, in consultation with Mr. Patafio and legal counsel, then negotiated the terms and conditions of an
engagement letter with Raymond James. 
 
At a board meeting held November 19, 2025, Northfield Bancorp’s board authorized the
Risk Committee, consisting of Directors Patafio (Chair), Annette Catino, John Connors, Paul Stahlin, and Rachana Kulkarni,
 
to review and evaluate the 

 
 
101 

 

Table of Contents

proposed transaction with Columbia, including evaluating the IOI received from Columbia, and to engage Raymond James as Northfield Bancorp’s investment banker. Lead Director Timothy
Harrison also participated in all Risk Committee meetings pertaining to the evaluation of the proposed transaction with Columbia. 
 
On
November 20, 2025, Mr. Klein executed an engagement letter between Northfield Bancorp and Raymond James, whereby Raymond James would provide Northfield Bancorp investment banking advisory services, on an exclusive basis, with respect to a
merger transaction with Columbia. 
 
On November 22, 2025, Mr. Klein and Director Patafio met with representatives of Raymond
James to discuss the terms of the IOI. 
 
The Risk Committee of Northfield Bancorp, with the assistance of Mr. Klein and Director
Harrison, met with representatives of Raymond James on November 23, 2025 and November 24, 2025, to evaluate the terms of the IOI. The Risk Committee reviewed with Raymond James financial and other information relating to Columbia, as well
as Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp on a combined basis, the potential upside value for, and operating metrics of, the combined company as compared to peer performance and the financial terms of the transaction as compared to comparable
recent transactions. Following these discussions, the Risk Committee recommended to the Northfield Bancorp board that Northfield Bancorp request the following from Columbia: the type of consideration be all stock; the price per share be $15.00; a
commitment from Columbia Financial to pay a dividend following the completion of the transaction; that the number of board seats to be provided to Northfield directors be four, including Mr. Klein; and the appointment of Mr. Klein as chief
executive officer of the combined organization, including the specific date such appointment would be effective. 
 
On November 23,
2025, KBW reviewed with the Columbia Financial executive management team the preliminary feedback received from Raymond James on the IOI. 

On November 24, 2025, Columbia Financial held a special board meeting at which Mr. Kemly provided an update to the Columbia
Financial board on the transaction and pricing changes requested by Northfield Bancorp and its request that Mr. Klein serve as chief executive officer of the combined company. 

At a board meeting held November 25, 2025, the Northfield Bancorp board met, with representatives of Raymond James and Luse Gorman in
attendance, to discuss the recommendations of the Risk Committee. Director Patafio reviewed the discussions of the Risk Committee that had been held with Raymond James, and the board of directors considered each of the Risk Committee’s
recommendations individually. The board of directors reviewed financial metrics for the proposed transaction at various pricing levels in an 
all-stock
 transaction, as well as projected financial metrics for
the combined company at the closing of the transaction. As part of this discussion, the board reviewed other potential partners for Northfield Bancorp, including six companies identified by Raymond James as having the most potential interest in
pursuing a transaction with Northfield Bancorp, financial metrics of these companies, and a 
capacity-to-pay
 analysis, including at prices per share comparable to that
being considered by the board of directors with respect to a transaction with Columbia Financial. Raymond James informed the board that the capacity to pay a certain price does not necessarily indicate a willingness to pay that price. Specifically,
it was noted that one of these six potential partners had announced the proposed acquisition of another financial institution on November 24, 2025. The pricing of that announced acquisition on a 
price-to-tangible-book
 value basis equated to a $12.50 price per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock. It was further noted that each of the remaining partners identified as having the most potential
interest, when combined with Northfield Bancorp, would have a commercial real estate concentration in excess of regulatory guidance. The Northfield Bancorp board also considered the forms of consideration that might be paid by the six potential
partners identified, and the price to tangible book value of their stock. However, a combination with Columbia Financial would result in a company with a commercial real estate concentration well below regulatory guidance, enabling the combined
company to continue to grow the commercial loan portfolio with which both institutions have considerable experience. 
 
Following these
discussions, the Northfield Bancorp board voted to instruct Raymond James to communicate Northfield Bancorp’s position to KBW with respect to the recommendations of the Risk Committee. Following this meeting, on November 25, 2025,
representatives of Raymond James communicated Northfield Bancorp’s position to representatives of KBW. 
 
On November 28, 2025,
Columbia Financial held a special board meeting at which executive management presented revisions to the initial offer, which included changes to the price and the consideration mix, Columbia Financial’s intent with respect to dividend payment
following the conversion, the number of board seats requested by Northfield Bancorp, and the position for Mr. Klein in the combined organization. Representatives of KBW and Kilpatrick Townsend were in attendance at that meeting. On the same
date, Columbia Financial’s executive management consulted with RP Financial on appraisal matters regarding the potential simultaneous second-step conversion and merger with Northfield Bancorp. 

 
 
102 

 

Table of Contents

On November 29, 2025, at a special board meeting, the Columbia Financial board approved
an increase in the merger consideration to $13.50, which would be comprised of 85% stock consideration and 15% cash consideration; to provide for four board seats for legacy Northfield Bancorp directors; and to appoint Mr. Klein as a member of
Columbia Financial’s senior executive management team. 
 
Based upon the provision of the IOI indicating that Mr. Klein’s
position with the combined company would be determined in consultation between Columbia Financial and Mr. Klein, and following discussions between Messrs. Klein and Kemly, on November 30, 2025, Mr. Klein provided Mr. Kemly an
outline of proposed terms for Mr. Klein’s employment as a senior executive and chief operating officer of Columbia Financial following the completion of the proposed transaction, which terms included title and responsibilities,
compensation, and additional information with respect to a form of employment agreement and benefits. 
 
On December 3, 2025, the
Columbia Financial board held a special board meeting to further discuss the pricing of the transaction and Mr. Klein’s employment proposal. At that meeting, the board authorized the submission of a revised IOI to Northfield Bancorp which
increased the price to be paid per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock to $13.50, if the final appraised value of Columbia Financial at the completion of its second-step conversion was less than $2.3 billion, which would increase to $14.00
if the final appraised value of Columbia Financial was equal to or greater than $2.3 billion. The revised IOI further offered consideration of 100% stock, with stockholders of Northfield Bancorp being able to elect to receive cash consideration
of up to 15% of the total consideration. The revised IOI specified that the board of the combined entity would include four members from Northfield Bancorp’s board, including Mr. Klein. The IOI indicated that Mr. Klein would be a key
member of Columbia Financial’s senior executive management team in a position to be determined. The revised IOI also indicated that it was the intention of Columbia Financial to begin paying a cash dividend following the completion of its
second-step conversion. 
 
The Northfield Bancorp board met with representatives of Raymond James and Luse Gorman at a meeting held
December 4, 2025. The board reviewed the terms of the revised IOI. Representatives of Raymond James noted that, in addition to the information included in the IOI, Raymond James had been informed by KBW on behalf of Columbia Financial that
Mr. Klein would serve as chief operating officer of the combined organization, and that Columbia Financial was committed to paying a dividend following the completion of the transaction. The board discussed the proposed pricing in detail,
including consideration of the combined organization’s strategic positioning in the marketplace and the benefits and limitations of Northfield Bancorp’s stand-alone operations. Following these discussions, the board instructed Raymond
James to request a price of $14.50 per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock up to a final appraised value of Columbia Financial in its second-step conversion of $2.3 billion, with graduated price protection as Columbia’s final
appraised value increased. The board also instructed Raymond James to request that up to $0.50 of the consideration could consist of a special dividend to be paid by Northfield Bancorp to its stockholders immediately prior to the completion of the
transaction. 
 
On December 9, 2025, the Columbia Financial board held a special board meeting, at which representatives of KBW and
Kilpatrick Townsend were in attendance. Mr. Kemly reviewed with the board members the history of the communications with Northfield Bancorp and the negotiations on pricing, number of board seats and Mr. Klein’s position and
compensation with the combined company, among other things. Mr. Gibney discussed the impact of increasing the merger consideration, potential cost savings and related matters. KBW reviewed the potential financial impact of changes in the
proposed merger consideration. Following discussion, the Columbia Financial board decided to revise the IOI to the price per share to $14.25 subject to adjustment depending on the final appraised value in the second-step conversion, and to provide
for up to 30% of the merger consideration to be cash. Columbia Financial directed KBW to verbally advise Raymond James of the changes and, if the changes were acceptable by Northfield Bancorp, a revised IOI would be sent. 

On December 9, 2025, on behalf of Columbia Financial, KBW verbally provided revisions to the IOI to Raymond James, including a $14.25
price per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock, which would increase to $14.50 per share if Columbia Financial’s final appraised value in its second-step conversion was equal to or greater than $2.3 billion but less than
$2.6 billion, and to $14.65 per share if Columbia Financial’s final appraised value was equal to or greater than $2.6 billion. The consideration would be 100% stock, with stockholders of Northfield Bancorp being able to elect to
receive cash consideration of up to 30% of the total consideration, and up to $0.50 of the consideration could consist of a special dividend to be paid by Northfield Bancorp to its stockholders immediately prior to the completion of the transaction,
reducing the per share price by an amount equal to the per share special dividend. 
 
The Northfield Bancorp board met with representatives
of Raymond James and Luse Gorman at a meeting held December 10, 2025, to review the terms that had been provided to Raymond James. The board determined not to request that a portion of the consideration be paid as a special cash dividend in
light of the cash election option. The board reviewed the financial and other terms of the proposal in detail, including the upside potential of the value of the combined company as compared to a transaction with other companies whose stocks were
trading at higher values. The board considered a potential 

 
 
103 

 

Table of Contents

timeframe for the transaction with Columbia Financial, including risks related to regulatory approvals, stockholder and depositor approvals, and the successful completion of Columbia
Financial’s related offering. The board instructed Raymond James to request a written IOI reflecting the terms that had been provided verbally, and authorized Mr. Klein to execute the IOI if it accurately included such terms. 

Columbia Financial provided Mr. Klein a revised IOI on December 11, 2025, and Mr. Klein executed the IOI on December 12,
2025. 
 
Thereafter and continuing until the Merger Agreement was executed, Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp performed mutual due
diligence reviews, including through documents provided in electronic data rooms and through a series of due diligence meetings covering relevant topics. Northfield Bancorp and Columbia Financial established virtual data rooms on December 17,
2025, and December 22, 2025, respectively, containing information about each party to facilitate the due diligence process. The Columbia Financial board and the Northfield Bancorp board continued to receive periodic updates from the
companies’ respective management and advisors on matters related to the proposed merger transaction and the parties’ mutual due diligence process throughout this period. 

On December 18, 2025, Messrs. Kemly and Gibney and Kilpatrick Townsend met virtually with the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to
discuss the terms of the IOI with respect to its proposed acquisition of Northfield Bancorp in connection with a second-step conversion. Mr. Kemly had previously notified the OCC of the potential transaction and updated the OCC earlier that
week that the IOI was accepted by Northfield Bancorp. 
 
On December 19, 2025, Luse Gorman sent to Kilpatrick Townsend via email a list
of items that Northfield Bancorp requested be included in the Merger Agreement, which list was provided to Columbia Financial. The items primarily concerned employee-related matters, including the treatment of executive employment and change in
control agreements, the terms of Mr. Klein’s employment agreement, as well as an advisory board for those Northfield Bancorp directors that are not selected to serve on the Columbia Financial board and the effect of the acquisition on
Northfield Bank Foundation. 
 
On January 7, 2025, the parties conducted mutual due diligence at an offsite location. In attendance at
the diligence meeting were senior executive officers from Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp, Raymond James, KBW, Kilpatrick Townsend, Luse Gorman, and RP Financial. Further diligence meetings were held over the course of the next several
weeks between Columbia Financial and Northfield Bancorp to discuss operations, integration, employees and related matters. Additional 
in-person
 due diligence meetings were conducted by the parties during the
month of January. 
 
On January 8, 2026, Kilpatrick Townsend distributed a draft of the Merger Agreement to Luse Gorman. Throughout
January 2026, the parties negotiated the Merger Agreement and ancillary documents, including the distribution of revised drafts of the Merger Agreement, a new employment agreement for Mr. Klein and settlement agreements for all executive
officers, conducted continuing document due diligence and prepared disclosure schedules. 
 
At a special meeting held on January 21,
2026, the Northfield Bancorp board reviewed with Luse Gorman and Raymond James the Merger Agreement (copies of which were previously provided to the board of directors) and received a report as to the status of the transaction, including due
diligence. The board of directors reviewed in detail the pricing and other financial terms of the proposed Merger Agreement. Legal counsel again discussed Northfield Bancorp’s board’s fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed
transaction. The board reviewed the voting agreement that they would be expected to execute, and discussed the proposed executive compensation arrangements for Mr. Klein and Northfield Bancorp’s other executive officers, with
Mr. Klein and other executive officers excused for that portion of the discussion. The board also discussed that, on December 29, 2025, an additional potential acquirer for Northfield Bancorp, as previously discussed with the Northfield
Bancorp board, announced the proposed acquisition of another financial institution. The pricing of that acquisition on a

price-to-tangible-book
 value basis equated to a $12.98 price per share of Northfield Bancorp common stock. 

On January 21, 2026, Columbia Financial’s Compensation Committee met to discuss the employment arrangements for Mr. Klein,
including his position with the combined organization and areas of responsibility, compensation and benefits as well as his existing employment agreement with Northfield Bancorp and the change in control payments under that agreement. 

On January 23, 2026, Columbia Financial’s board of directors met in a special meeting at which representatives of KBW and
Kilpatrick Townsend were in attendance. The Compensation Committee reported to the board its discussions and recommendations regarding Mr. Klein’s employment arrangement with Columbia Financial and Columbia Bank and Mr. Kemly
provided an update on considerations related to the other members of the Northfield Bancorp executive team, including possible positions with the combined organization. Members of the executive team provided updates on from the ongoing diligence
with a focus on the Northfield loan portfolio and the credit mark on the portfolio, expansion into the Staten Island market, the Northfield Bank Foundation and cost savings in connection with the Merger. 

 
 
104 

 

Table of Contents

On January 26, 2026, Kilpatrick Townsend distributed to Northfield Bancorp’s
counsel a preliminary draft of an employment agreement to be entered into between Columbia Financial and Mr. Klein, to be effective at the closing of the transaction, as well as a settlement agreement that would terminate Mr. Klein’s
existing employment agreement with Northfield Bancorp, also to be effective at the closing of the transaction. The proposed employment agreement would be similar to those entered into between Columbia Financial and its executive officers other than
the Columbia Financial Chief Executive Officer. 
 
On January 27, 2026, Messrs. Klein and Kemly met virtually to discuss open items in