The following chronology summarizes the key meetings and events that led to the signing of the Merger Agreement. The chronology does not purport to catalog
every conversation and correspondence among our representatives and representatives of Ares or other potential buyers and their respective affiliates or advisors. The terms of the Merger Agreement are the result of

arm’s-length
 negotiations between representatives of the Company and representatives of affiliates of Ares. 

Our Board and management regularly review and evaluate our business and financial performance with the goal of maximizing shareholder value. As part of these
ongoing evaluations, our Board and management have, from time to time, considered various strategic alternatives, including (i) continuing to execute on our existing strategy as a stand-alone public company, (ii) divesting all or portions
of our shopping center properties, acquiring other companies and/or additional shopping center properties, and/or entering into one or more joint ventures, (iii) funding growth by raising capital in the public markets and/or by accessing
third-party sources of private capital, and (iv) considering the potential sale of the Company to, or combination of the Company with, a third party. In furtherance of these evaluations, in recent years, our Board has undertaken numerous,
regularly recurring discussions regarding our performance and potential strategic alternatives. 
 
In performing these evaluations, our Board took into
account our long-term strategic objectives, which are (i) property acquisition and portfolio optimization by targeting high-growth, “neighborhood center” properties, while selling less strategically optimal assets,
(ii) high-value tenant curation focused on service-based tenants that offer higher resilience than traditional retail, (iii) operational excellence that supports driving net operating income through active management, redevelopment and
adding “pad sites” to existing centers, and (iv) financial discipline with a focus on an improved balance sheet that delivers an efficient cost of capital, while enhancing margins and providing sufficient liquidity to fund growth
initiatives when determined by our Board and management. 
 
Our Board recognized the significant progress that management has made since our CEO change in
January 2022, however our Board recognized that our challenges relative to our peers remain. Our Board and management observed, among other things, that while we believe we have a high-quality, well-managed portfolio, our ability to grow earnings
and cash flows from operations has been constrained. Our Board believes our dual primary constraints on growth have been our higher level of debt and our smaller scale relative to our public company peers. Our Board and management recognized that
these constraints limited our ability to realize fully our strategic objectives. Our Board and management noted further that securities analysts and investors had also observed similar factors with respect to our performance and prospects.
Accordingly, compared to larger publicly traded shopping center real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), the share price of our Company Common Shares traded at a material discount on a Fund from Operations multiple basis and to the net
asset value of our properties (“NAV”), as calculated by research analysts covering us. 
 
Regularly, our senior management team, including Dave
Holeman, our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Hogan, our Chief Financial Officer, and Christine Mastandrea, our President and Chief Operating Officer, meets with 

 
 
34 

 

Table of Contents

shareholders, strategic parties and financial sponsors. These interactions are the result of both outbound requests by the Company and inbound requests from such parties, to discuss trends and
developments in the commercial real estate industry, market conditions and our business, and to assess whether there may be an opportunity for a potential strategic or commercial transaction or relationship involving us or our assets that would
enhance value for our shareholders. Our management has, as appropriate, regularly updated and sought direction from our Board regarding such discussions. 

During such discussions in spring and summer of 2025, representatives of a large, well-capitalized privately held real estate fund and investor (“Party
A”) expressed to Mr. Holeman and Ms. Mastandrea that, based on its review of publicly available information, Party A was interested in exploring a potential joint venture with us. The conversations were high-level and preliminary in
nature, and no specific terms of a potential joint venture were proposed. Management regularly updated our Board on such discussions. 
 
On
September 1, 2025, at our Board’s direction, management engaged Jones Lang LaSalle Securities, LLC (“JLL Securities”), based on its experience, qualifications and reputation to serve as our exclusive advisor to pursue a
potential joint venture with a capital partner to raise strategic equity growth capital (the “Joint Venture Process”). 
 
From September 1,
2025 through 
mid-December
 2025, management worked with JLL Securities to finalize the joint venture strategy, joint venture seed portfolio, targeted list of approximately 40 potential investors, underwriting
and value assessment of the seed portfolio, marketing documents, and to compile financing alternatives and key terms for both the seed portfolio and 
go-forward
 portfolio. 

In the fall of 2025, our discussions with representatives of Party A focused on information publicly available regarding our platform, operations and cost
structure. Those conversations evolved when, on October 31, 2025, Party A expressed to Mr. Holeman an interest in exploring potential investment options in us beyond a traditional joint venture, including a potential acquisition of us. The
conversations were high-level, and no specific terms of an investment in us beyond a traditional joint venture or potential acquisition were discussed. 

On November 3, 2025, the closing price of our Company Common Shares was $12.56 per share. 

On November 4, 2025, MCB Real Estate (“MCB”), which owned approximately 9.2% of our outstanding Company Common Shares, publicly submitted to
our Board an unsolicited, 
non-binding
 proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Company Common Shares at a proposed purchase price of $15.20 per share in cash (the “2025 MCB Proposal”). The 2025
MCB Proposal was the third such unsolicited proposal submitted by MCB since June 2024. The first two proposals, at proposed prices of $14.00 and $15.00 per share, respectively, were unanimously rejected by our Board. Our Board described the $15.00
proposal as an “opportunistic” bid that undervalued our intrinsic worth based on NAV and future growth estimates. BofA Securities, Inc. (“BofA Securities”) advised our Board when assessing the merits of the $15.00 proposal.
Our Board sought the advice of BofA Securities on the proposal based on its independence, reputation, experience, and qualifications, as well as its knowledge of us in light of having previously advised us on a range of matters, and within the
industry generally. 
 
On November 4, 2025, we publicly acknowledged receipt of the 2025 MCB Proposal and confirmed that our Board would carefully
evaluate the 2025 MCB Proposal to determine if it believed such a proposal was in the best interests of all shareholders, consistent with our Board’s duties under applicable law and in consultation with our financial and legal advisors. 

Prompted by the progress of the Company’s Joint Venture Process and the 2025 MCB Proposal, the discussions regarding a potential acquisition with Party
A accelerated, and during the last three weeks of November 2025, there were multiple calls amongst representatives of Party A, Mr. Holeman and Ms. Mastandrea to discuss Party A’s interest and informational needs to further enhance
Party A’s understanding of our platform and operations. 
 
On November 25, 2025, our Board and management met with representatives from BofA
Securities. The representatives from BofA Securities presented an overview to our Board of the 2025 MCB Proposal, Party A’s 

 
 
35 

 

Table of Contents

expressed interest regarding a potential acquisition of us, potential paths forward for us and the respective implications of each. Our Board considered and discussed with representatives of BofA
Securities, among other matters, the potential risks and benefits of pursuing a potential acquisition of us by Party A or MCB, to remaining an independent public company and pursuing our existing strategic plan or a revised business strategy,
including both the opportunities for growth (including through potential joint ventures) and the challenges in pursuing growth. In light of the preliminary nature of Party A’s and MCB’s interest, our Board instructed management to engage
in a “dual track” assessment, by continuing to explore potential joint ventures while assessing the 2025 MCB Proposal and Party A’s interest. 

From December 15, 2025 through the middle of February 2026, JLL Securities conducted the Joint Venture Process, engaging with 40 potential
counterparties, including Party A; a large, well-capitalized public real estate services and investment firm (“Party B”); and Ares, as well as other shopping center REITs, private real estate funds, real estate investors and financial
sponsors. 
Twenty-one
 parties responded to these initial contacts with sufficient interest to sign 
non-disclosure
 agreements with us and receive certain due diligence
information via an online data room; these parties included Party A, Party B and Ares. The 
non-disclosure
 agreements included customary 
non-disclosure
 and standstill
provisions. During this period, management and JLL Securities facilitated the due diligence investigations of these parties and engaged in discussions and negotiations regarding a variety of potential joint venture transactions with a number of
these parties. Throughout this period, our Board received regular updates from, and provided direction to, members of management and representatives of our advisors regarding the Joint Venture Process and discussions with potential counterparties.

 
On December 18, 2025, representatives of Party A orally indicated to Mr. Holeman a desire to acquire all of the outstanding Company Common
Shares at a proposed purchase price of $16.00 per share in cash (the “Party A Proposal”), representing a premium of approximately 16.5% to the $13.73 closing price of our Company Common Shares on December 17, 2025. Members of
management promptly informed our Board of the Party A Proposal. 
 
Also on December 18, 2025, a shareholder that represented beneficial ownership of
approximately 2.5% of our outstanding Company Common Shares (“Shareholder A”) provided notice of its intention to nominate trustee candidates for four of the six seats on our Board to be elected at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders
and to include a 
non-binding,
 advisory shareholder proposal for us to undertake a strategic assessment, in part in response to the 2025 MCB Proposal; however, the nominees were subsequently withdrawn by the
shareholder on March 26, 2026. 
 
On December 22, 2025, our Board and management met with representatives from BofA Securities. Management and
representatives from BofA Securities updated our Board on the Party A Proposal, as well as an overview of the implications and timing associated with the nomination notice and proposal submitted by Shareholder A. After a robust discussion, our Board
committed to assessing the best path forward for us and our shareholders without regard to any current shareholder activism. Additionally, our Board instructed management and our advisors to continue discussions with Party A to further develop the
Party A Proposal. 
 
On December 23, 2025, at our Board’s direction, Mr. Holeman informed Party A that the Party A Proposal had been
presented to our Board, that BofA Securities had been authorized to undertake further analysis and committed to responding to the Party A Proposal in the first week of January. 

On December 31, 2025, James Mastandrea, our former Chief Executive Officer who was terminated for cause in 2022 and who represented beneficial ownership
of 2.2% of the outstanding Company Common Shares provided notice of his intent to nominate trustee candidates for six of the six seats on our Board to be elected at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, and on January 5, 2026,
Mr. Mastandrea issued a press release announcing his intention to nominate trustee candidates to replace all six members of our Board at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. 

 
 
36 

 

Table of Contents

On January 7, 2026, MCB publicly issued a letter criticizing our Board for failing to respond to the
2025 MCB Proposal and for, in MCB’s view, failing to maximize shareholder value, as compared to the Company’s peers. 
 
On January 8, 2026,
our Board and management met, with representatives from each of BofA Securities and Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, our outside corporate counsel (“Bass Berry”), in attendance. Representatives of Bass Berry reviewed the duties of our
Board under Maryland law and process considerations when assessing potential strategic alternatives. Representatives of BofA Securities presented an executive summary of the current state of discussions with Party A, an overview of proposals from
Party A and MCB, historical performance of Company Common Shares, and a preliminary financial analysis, including preliminary discounted cash flow analysis and certain other valuation methodologies that BofA Securities believed would be appropriate
for our Board to consider in evaluating the proposals, the continued execution of the Company’s existing strategic plan, and other strategic alternatives, including the Joint Venture Process. Our Board, management and representatives of BofA
Securities discussed the foregoing in detail, as well as, among other matters, public market valuations of the Company relative to other publicly traded REITs and historical deal valuations for public REIT transactions. Our Board and management also
discussed the potential for Party A to improve the 
per-share
 price in its initial proposal if Party A received access to certain 
non-public
 information from us.
Following discussion, our Board directed Mr. Holeman to contact Party A and convey our Board’s willingness to provide Party A with certain information that our Board believed would facilitate further development of the Party A Proposal.
Further, our Board directed Bass Berry to send a draft 
non-disclosure
 agreement reflecting customary terms, including a standstill, which was sent to Party A later the same day and following Mr. Holeman
contacting Party A. 
 
On January 13, 2026, a nationally known real estate investment firm (“Party C”) privately submitted to our Board a
letter setting forth an unsolicited, 
non-binding
 proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Company Common Shares at a proposed purchase price of $17.25 per share in cash (the “Party C Proposal”).
The Party C Proposal contemplated a combination of debt and equity financing, with the equity component of the purchase price to be provided by investment funds affiliated with Party C and a preferred equity tranche provided by a large publicly
traded shopping center REIT, and the debt financing component to be provided by two large financial institutions. The proposal attached “highly confident” letters from the debt financing sources regarding the necessary debt financing.
The Party C Proposal requested a period of exclusive negotiation, and provided that Party C was open to the inclusion of a 
30-day
 
“go-shop”
 period to
facilitate third party proposals following signing of a definitive acquisition agreement with Party C. 
 
On January 13, 2026, the closing price of our
Company Common Shares was $13.81 per share. 
 
On January 15, 2026, Party A entered into a 
non-disclosure

agreement, which included customary 
non-disclosure
 and standstill provisions, including a “don’t ask, don’t waive” provision prohibiting Party A from requesting that we release the
standstill restrictions and also a “fallaway” provision that would cause the standstill to cease to be effective upon our entry into a definitive agreement with another party with respect to an acquisition transaction (Party A is not
currently restricted by the standstill from making a proposal as a result of our entry into the Merger Agreement). 
 
On January 16, 2026, members of
management, representatives of BofA Securities, Party A and Party A’s financial advisor had a call to discuss next steps, timing and due diligence. 

Also on January 16, 2026, members of management, representatives of BofA Securities, Party C and Party C’s financial advisor had a call to discuss
further the terms and conditions of the Party C Proposal. 
 
Further on January 16, 2026, the online data site for the Joint Venture Process was made
available to the Joint Venture Process participants under a customary 
non-disclosure
 agreement. 
 
On
January 19, 2026, our Board and management met, with representatives from each of BofA Securities, Bass Berry and Venable LLP, our Maryland legal counsel (“Venable”), in attendance. Representatives of Bass Berry

 
 
37 

 

Table of Contents

and Venable reviewed the duties of our Board under Maryland law in connection with our Board’s assessment of strategic alternatives, including the proposals received from MCB, Party A and
Party C. Representatives of Bass Berry reviewed with our Board (1) disclosure by BofA Securities of certain relationships between BofA Securities and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and Party A and Party C, as applicable, on the other
hand, (2) process considerations with respect to exploring potential transactions, and (3) potential governance changes associated with the strategic alternatives process, including adopting indemnification agreements between the Company
and members of our Board and the inclusion of an exclusive jurisdiction provision relating to internal affairs matters in our bylaws. Management provided updates with respect to Party A, Party C, the Joint Venture Process and shareholder activism by
Shareholder A and Mr. Mastandrea. Our Board discussed the proposals received from MCB, Party A and Party C. Our Board also discussed with management and our advisors whether, assuming our Board determined to pursue a potential acquisition,
either soliciting interest from other potential acquirors through a limited auction process or pursuing further negotiations solely with Party A and Party C would be reasonably likely to result in the highest value reasonably available for our
shareholders. Our Board also compared the potential risks of both processes, including (i) greater demands on management to respond to diligence inquiries from multiple parties, (ii) greater potential business disruption resulting from a
longer sale process, (iii) the greater likelihood of a leak given the increased number of parties, along with their advisors and potential financing sources, and (iv) the possibility that Party A could choose not to participate in a
competitive process. After (1) requesting and receiving advice from representatives of BofA Securities and Bass Berry, including as to the capabilities of Party A or Party C to complete such an acquisition, and BofA Securities’
perspective on recent comparable transactions, (2) taking into consideration the potential risks of conducting a broader auction process and (3) taking into consideration other matters that our Board believed to be relevant, our Board
determined that the proposals of Party A and Party C merited further exploration and directed members of management and our advisors to pursue direct discussions with Party A and Party C further, with the goal of gaining additional clarity from
Party A and Party C with respect to their proposals and assessing their ability and willingness to deliver additional value, in lieu of conducting a broader auction process at that time. Our Board also directed Bass Berry to provide to Party C a
draft 
non-disclosure
 agreement in preparation for such discussions, and a draft was provided to Party C later that day. 

On January 24, 2026, Party C entered into a 
non-disclosure
 agreement, which included customary 
non-disclosure
 and standstill provisions, including a “don’t ask, don’t waive” provision prohibiting Party C from requesting that we release the standstill restrictions and also a
“fallaway” provision that would cause the standstill to cease to be effective upon our entry into a definitive agreement with another party with respect to an acquisition transaction (Party C is not currently restricted by the standstill
from making a proposal as a result of our entry into the Merger Agreement). 
 
In the last week of January 2026, Party A participated in a 
three-day
 property tour with management. The conversations were focused on due diligence and were property-specific, and no specific terms of a potential acquisition were discussed. 

For the first three weeks of February 2026, management participated in numerous Joint Venture Process management meetings, in three separate locations,
including with Ares. The conversations were high-level, and no specific terms of a potential joint venture were discussed. 
 
On February 20, 2026, in
a call with BofA Securities to discuss ongoing due diligence matters in connection with the Party A Proposal, Party A’s financial advisor expressed concern about Party A’s ability to remain competitive from a price and timing perspective
in the event that our Board may determine to conduct a more open process. 
 
On February 23, 2026, our Board and management met with representatives
from each of BofA Securities and Bass Berry in attendance. The representatives from BofA Securities advised our Board on the status of the strategic alternatives process, including Party A’s concerns noted above, as well as multiple
unsolicited inbound inquiries being received by our financial advisors, which the representatives believed to be prompted in part by 

 
 
38 

 

Table of Contents

the 2025 MCB Proposal, activity associated with the Joint Venture Process, and press releases and news articles regarding shareholder trustee nominations. In light of Party A’s concerns and
the unsolicited inbound interest, our Board determined to expand the whole-company sale process, and discussed with BofA Securities certain parameters for outreach to additional parties: that such additional parties had (i) sufficient financial
wherewithal to pursue a whole-company transaction, (ii) expertise and conviction with respect to the shopping center industry, and (iii) knowledge of us and had previously expressed interest in a transaction with us. Our Board concluded
that participants with such attributes would be in the best position to make a compelling proposal and be able to move efficiently toward a transaction, which would inherently limit the risks associated with a broader auction process, including
(i) greater demands on management to respond to diligence inquiries from multiple parties, (ii) greater potential business disruption resulting from a longer process, (iii) the greater likelihood of a leak given the increased number
of parties, potential advisors and financing sources, and (iv) the possibility that Party A or Party C would choose not to participate in a broader auction process. Further, in an effort to mitigate the risks associated with a broader auction
process, our Board instructed management, BofA Securities and Bass Berry to provide updated diligence information in the online data site and to prepare a “single round” process letter and “bid draft” merger agreement to be
provided to interested parties to help ensure that proposals would be on a comparable footing. Additionally, after the BofA Securities representatives departed the meeting, members of management and representatives of Bass Berry reviewed certain
proposed terms for the formal engagement of BofA Securities as the Company’s financial advisor in connection with the strategic alternatives process. Our Board discussed the benefits of engaging BofA Securities as the Company’s financial
advisor and the proposed fees and other terms in connection with the strategic alternatives process. BofA Securities was selected by our Board as a financial advisor based on its independence, reputation, experience, and qualifications, as well as
its knowledge of us in light of having previously advised us on a range of matters, and within the industry generally. Following discussion, our Board directed management to engage BofA Securities on terms consistent with those outlined. 

From February 23, 2026 through the middle of March 2026, BofA Securities and JLL Securities engaged with 17 potential counterparties, inclusive of Party
A, Party B, Party C and Ares, as well as other shopping center REITs, private real estate funds, real estate investors and financial sponsors. During this period, fifteen parties signed 
non-disclosure

agreements with us and received online data site access. The 
non-disclosure
 agreements included customary 
non-disclosure
 and standstill provisions, including a
“don’t ask, don’t waive” provision prohibiting a bidder from requesting that we release the standstill restrictions and also a “fallaway” provision that would cause the standstill to cease to be effective upon our
entry into a definitive agreement with another party with respect to an acquisition transaction (none of the fifteen parties that executed 
non-disclosure
 agreements in connection with this whole-company sale
process is currently restricted by their respective standstill obligations from making a proposal as a result of our entry into the Merger Agreement). During this period, management, BofA Securities, JLL Securities and Bass Berry facilitated due
diligence and engaged in discussions and negotiations regarding a variety of potential transactions with a number of these parties. Throughout this period, our Board continued to hold regular update calls, during which members of our Board discussed
with management and our advisors the status of the strategic whole-company sale process and discussions with potential counterparties. 
 
During the last
week of February 2026 and continuing throughout March 2026, BofA Securities and JLL Securities, with the assistance of management, added diligence items to the online data site. 

On March 2, 2026, our Board and management met, with representatives from each of BofA Securities, JLL Securities and Bass Berry in attendance. The
representatives from BofA Securities advised our Board on the status of the whole-company sale process and presented the form of process letter. The representatives from JLL Securities advised our Board on the status of the Joint Venture Process.
The representatives of Bass Berry presented, in detail, on the proposed form of “bid draft” merger agreement, which provided, among other items, (i) purchaser/counterparty obligations would not be subject to any due diligence or
financing contingencies, or any other conditions or contingencies that were not customary for public-company material transaction agreements, (ii) there would be no survival of our representations and warranties following closing and that we
would be entitled to specifically enforce each purchaser’s obligations to close (or at our election, receive a 

 
 
39 

 

Table of Contents

customary termination fee if the purchaser was a financial bidder), and (iii) we would have the right to terminate the agreement in order to pursue a superior proposal with a third party and
pay a customary termination fee. BofA Securities and Bass Berry also reviewed the overall contemplated timeline for soliciting bids as well as the “single round” process letter. Thereafter, our Board approved the posting of the process
letter and “bid draft” merger agreement to the online data site. Additionally, after the BofA Securities representatives and JLL Securities representatives departed the meeting, members of management and representatives of Bass Berry
reviewed certain proposed terms for the formal engagement of JLL Securities as a financial advisor in connection with the strategic alternatives process. Our Board then discussed the benefits of engaging JLL Securities as a second financial advisor
in connection with the strategic alternatives process. JLL Securities was selected by our Board as a financial advisor based on its experience, qualifications and reputation, as well as its familiarity with us, including their work in the Joint
Venture Process. Following discussion, our Board directed management to engage JLL Securities on terms consistent with those outlined. We have agreed to pay JLL Securities for its services an aggregate fee estimated to be approximately
$6.25 million which is contingent upon the completion of the Mergers.
 
On March 3, 2026, BofA Securities posted the process letter to the
online data site, inviting the remaining bidders to complete their due diligence, secure financing, and submit their “best and final” offer, along with their proposals for definitive deal documentation. The letter provided, among other
items, bidders with an indicative timetable for finalizing their bids; bidder markups of the “bid draft” merger agreement and bidder’s financing commitment letters would be due by March 27, 2026; and “best and
final” proposals from bidders would be due on March 31, 2026. The process letter further noted that we did not anticipate entering into a definitive agreement that was subject to any due diligence or financing contingencies and that any
final proposal containing such contingencies would be materially disadvantaged. The process letter also encouraged bidders to engage with Bass Berry on the “bid draft” merger agreement in advance of submission. 

On March 5, 2026, the closing price of our Company Common Shares was $15.02 per share. 

Also on March 5, 2026, and after the market closed, Reuters published an article (the “Reuters Article”) describing rumors that Blackstone
and TPG had expressed interest in acquiring us and that BofA Securities had been engaged by us to run a sale process. 
 
Further on March 5, 2026, as
part of the Joint Venture Process, JLL Securities, on our behalf, received preliminary indications of interest from four parties, including Party A, with additional participants, including Party B and Ares, indicating interest in a joint venture
transaction if the whole-company sale process did not proceed. Management promptly conveyed a summary of the results of the Joint Venture Process to our Board. In light of the continued interest in the whole-company sale process and the proposed
terms of joint venture preliminary indications of interest submitted, our Board instructed management to continue with a “dual track” assessment, i.e., remaining engaged on the broader auction process while keeping the Joint Venture
Process viable. 
 
On March 6, 2026, the first trading day after publication of the Reuters Article, the closing price of our Company Common Shares was
$15.96 per share. 
 
On March 12, 2026, representatives of Bass Berry and Party C’s outside legal counsel held an introductory call and
discussed, among other items, timing considerations, the “bid draft” of the merger agreement, due diligence and Party C’s contemplated financing. 

On March 17, 2026, James Mastandrea filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC nominating six trustees for election at our 2026 annual meeting of
shareholders. 
 
On March 18, 2026, representatives of management, Bass Berry, BofA Securities, Party C and Party C’s counsel conducted a
confirmatory legal due diligence call. 

 
 
40 

 

Table of Contents

Also on March 18, 2026, representatives of management, BofA Securities and Ares held a call and
discussed, among other items, certain due diligence items. 
 
On March 23, 2026, Ares’ outside legal counsel, Kirkland & Ellis LLP
(“Kirkland”), provided an initial markup of the “bid draft” of the merger agreement. 
 
On March 24, 2026, representatives of
Bass Berry and Kirkland discussed the initial markup of the “bid draft” of the merger agreement. Representatives of Bass Berry identified areas of the Kirkland markup that could be revised to make Ares’ bid more compelling from our
Board’s perspective, including, but not limited to, assurances that Kirkland would complete any due diligence necessary to obtain a representation and warranty insurance policy (“RWI Policy”) prior to signing the transaction and
that signing the transaction would not be contingent on obtaining an RWI Policy, limiting or forgoing the extensive revisions to the representations and warranties, financing and financing cooperation covenants, termination fees, limitations on
liability, termination rights, including for a willful and material breach, and a lowered efforts standard with respect to regulatory obligations. 
 
On
March 27, 2026, Bass Berry received a revised markup of the “bid draft” of the merger agreement from Kirkland, which reflected revised terms as discussed earlier and noted above, an initial markup of the “bid draft”
merger agreement from Party C, an issues list to the “bid draft” merger agreement from Party B, and a commitment from a large, well-capitalized privately held real estate investment firm (“Party D”) to provide a full markup
of the “bid draft” merger agreement on or before March 31, 2026 in connection with Party D’s bid. 
 
On March 30, 2026, Kirkland
provided initial drafts of the equity commitment letter, debt commitment letter and limited guarantee. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, BofA Securities
received the bids to acquire all outstanding Company Common Shares at the following prices per share, all in cash: (i) $19.00 per share from Ares, (ii) $17.44 per share from Party B, (iii) $17.30 per share from Party C, (iv) $17.35 per share from
Party D, which indicated verbally that it would be willing to submit a revised bid of $17.75, and (v) a range of $15.75 to $16.10 from a large, well-capitalized publicly traded real estate investment firm (“Party E”). Additionally,
BofA Securities had received an oral proposal indicating a price per share of $18.00 from a large, well-capitalized publicly traded real estate investment firm (“Party F”); however, Party F had declined to provide a markup or an issues
list with respect to the “bid draft” merger agreement, indicating a preference to engage on transaction documentation only if selected as the 
go-forward
 counterparty. 

On the morning of April 1, 2026, representatives of Bass Berry and Kirkland discussed the March 27th markup of the “bid draft” of the merger
agreement. Representatives of Bass Berry identified further areas of the markup that could be revised in order to make Ares’ bid more compelling, including, but not limited to, an assurance that any due diligence required to procure a RWI
Policy would be completed before signing and that signing would not be contingent on obtaining a RWI Policy, narrowing the scope of representations and warranties and interim operating covenants, revising the Company Material Adverse Effect
definition, increasing the parent termination fee, modifying the terms of the requested tax opinion, increasing the effort standard to resolve any legal proceedings, modifying terms and conditions of the

non-solicitation
 restrictions, and certain limitations on our obligations to assist with Ares’ procurement of debt financing. 

Also on the evening of April 1, 2026, representatives of Kirkland confirmed via email that a further revised markup would be submitted reflecting changes
to address the issues identified, including an increased parent termination fee equal to 7.5% of our equity value and revised the terms and conditions of the 
no-shop
 covenant. 

On the morning of April 2, 2026, Bass Berry received a further markup of the “bid draft” merger agreement from Kirkland, which reflected
revised terms as noted above. 

 
 
41 

 

Table of Contents

On April 2, 2026, our Board met with representatives from each of management, BofA Securities, JLL
Securities and Bass Berry in attendance, to discuss the proposals from each of Ares, Party B, Party C, Party D, Party E and Party F. Management, BofA Securities and JLL Securities reviewed the current status of each of the current proposals and
further reviewed with our Board their financial analyses of the current proposals. Representatives of Bass Berry reviewed with our Board the current status of the draft transaction agreements with each applicable counterparty, noting that the
principal business and legal points on the merger agreement had been resolved and that, pending direction from our Board, the legal documentation was substantially in place to proceed with Ares, Party C, and Party D. Bass Berry noted that Party B
had only provided an issues list and Party E and Party F provided neither an issues list nor a markup, and as such, there was greater execution risk with each of Parties B, E and F. Our Board also discussed with representatives of BofA Securities
the likelihood of whether Ares would be willing to increase the 
per-share
 price included in its revised proposal. Our Board instructed management and BofA Securities to engage with (i) Ares to further
improve solely the legal terms of its bid in light of its leading bid and upon the recommendation of BofA Securities to ensure Ares remained in the whole-company sale process, and (ii) Party D and Party F to see whether either would be willing
to further increase its offer price per share and improve its respective legal terms. 
 
Later on the evening of April 2, 2026, Bass Berry sent an
issues list to Party D’s counsel seeking revised legal terms, including, but not limited to, a revised definition of company superior proposal, 
re-insertion
 of an intervening event concept, removal of a
tax matters push out election, a decrease in the company termination fee from 3.5% of our equity value, an increase in the parent termination fee from 7.0% of our equity value, and revisions to the financing cooperation covenant. 

Additionally, later on the evening of April 2, 2026, Bass Berry sent a markup of the revised Kirkland draft merger agreement reflecting revised legal
terms, including, but not limited to, a revised definition of company superior proposal and intervening event, revised Company representations and warranties and interim operating covenants, expanded Ares representations and warranties, revisions to
Company’s financing cooperation obligations, revisions to the caps on our liability and our ability to obtain specific performance. 
 
On
April 3, 2026, representatives of BofA Securities discussed with each of Party D and Party F increasing their respective bid. Neither party was ultimately willing to increase their respective bid; however, Party D’s counsel did provide
Bass Berry with a revised markup addressing each of the proposed revised terms noted above. 
 
Also on April 3, 2026, Kirkland and Bass Berry had a
call to discuss revisions to the draft merger agreement. The representatives of Kirkland relayed that Ares was willing to agree to many of the proposed changes in the draft merger agreement provided by Bass Berry the previous night, expressly
subject to Ares being granted exclusivity through April 10, 2026 to allow Ares and the Company to finalize transaction documentation and other matters expeditiously. 

Since neither Party D nor Party F were willing to increase their per share price, following discussions with Bass Berry, BofA Securities and management, our
Board authorized granting Ares exclusivity for the requested period. 
 
Later on April 3, 2026, Kirkland presented to Bass Berry, and the parties
negotiated, an exclusivity agreement. The exclusivity agreement was subsequently executed by the parties on April 3, 2026. Online data site access for all participants in the Joint Venture Process and whole-company sale process, including, but
not limited to, Parties A, B, C, D, E and F and their respective representatives, was terminated upon the execution of the exclusivity agreement. 
 
Between
April 3, 2026, and April 7, 2026, representatives of Bass Berry and Kirkland continued to exchange revised drafts of the merger agreement, equity commitment letter, limited guarantee, debt commitment letter and disclosure schedules to the
merger agreement, as applicable, and the parties and their representatives continued to discuss the potential terms of each. Ares and their representatives also continued to engage in due diligence discussions.

 
 
42 

 

Table of Contents

On the morning of April 7, 2026, in advance of the evening’s Board meeting, a substantially final
draft of the merger agreement, as well as drafts of the equity commitment letter, debt commitment letter and limited guarantee, were provided to our Board, together with materials from our advisors, including, among other things, a preliminary
financial analysis, draft fairness opinion and an updated disclosure of certain relationships between BofA Securities and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and Ares, as applicable, on the other hand, which are described in more detail in the
section entitled “
The Mergers–Opinion of Our Financial Advisor
.” 
 
Our Board met on the evening of April 7, 2026, with
members of management and representatives of BofA Securities, JLL Securities, and Bass Berry in attendance. Representatives of management provided an update on developments since the last Board meeting. Representatives of Bass Berry reviewed with
our Board the material terms of the proposed transaction with Ares and confirmed the status of remaining open items, which were primarily the disclosure schedules and the internal and external communications. Representatives of BofA Securities
reviewed with our Board its preliminary financial analysis of the Merger Consideration and its fairness opinion. Our Board discussed the proposed transaction in detail, including, without limitation, our Board’s belief that the merger is more
favorable to us than other strategic alternatives available to us, including remaining as an independent public company. 
 
During April 8, 2026, the
parties worked to finalize the merger agreement, disclosure schedules, equity commitment letter, debt commitment letter, the limited guarantee and the external and internal communications. Near final drafts of each were provided to our Board in
advance of the evening’s Board meeting. 
 
Also on April 8, 2026, the closing price of our Company Common Shares was $16.94 per share. 

Later on April 8, 2026, our Board met again with members of management and representatives of BofA Securities, JLL Securities, Bass Berry and Venable, in
attendance. Representatives of Venable and Bass Berry reviewed the statutory duties of our Board under Maryland law. Representatives of Bass Berry then confirmed the status of the transaction documents, summarized any changes since the prior meeting
and reviewed with our Board the material terms of the proposed transaction with Ares, a form of indemnification agreement and an amendment to the bylaws that provides an exclusive forum provision. 

Representatives of BofA Securities reviewed with our Board its financial analysis of the Merger Consideration, which is described in more detail in the
section entitled “
The Mergers–Opinion of Our Financial Advisor
.” Our Board also asked, and representatives of BofA Securities answered, clarifying questions related to the financial analysis. At the request of our Board,
BofA Securities then delivered to our Board its oral opinion, which was confirmed by the delivery of a written opinion, dated April 8, 2026, and is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B, to the effect that, as of that date and based on
and subject to various assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, the Merger Consideration to be received in the merger by holders of shares of our Company Common Shares (other than holders of the Excluded Shares (as such term is defined
in the Merger Agreement)) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Our Board discussed the proposed transaction in detail, including, without limitation, our Board’s belief that the merger is more favorable to us than other
strategic alternatives available to us, including remaining as an independent public company, and the other matters described in the section entitled “
The Mergers
–
Reasons for the Mergers
.” 

Our Board then unanimously (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Mergers, on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, were advisable and in the best interests of us, our shareholders and the limited partners of the Operating Partnership, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable the execution and
delivery by us of the Merger Agreement, the performance by us of our covenants and agreements contained therein and the consummation of the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein, (iii) directed that the approval of the Company Merger be submitted to our shareholders for their consideration and approval at a special meeting of shareholders, and (iv) recommended that our shareholders
approve the Company Merger. Our Board also approved an amendment to the Company’s bylaws providing 

 
 
43 

 

Table of Contents

Maryland as the exclusive forum for certain shareholder litigation matters and adopted and approved indemnification agreements between the Company and each of our trustees and officers. 

Following the conclusion of our Board meeting, on April 8, 2026, the parties finalized and executed the Merger Agreement and other transaction documents.
On the morning of April 9, 2026, the parties issued a joint press release announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. 
 
At the time of the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Ares had not discussed the terms of any post-closing employment or equity participation for members of management with any members of management or our Board. 

Reasons for the Mergers 
 
In
evaluating the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and reaching its determination to authorize and approve our execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement and the consummation by us of the transactions contemplated by